


Aries (March 21-April 19)


 By: JaniceJ
 Aries is ruled by action packed Mars, and symbolized by the ram.
 .
 Anyone who has ever seen two rams cracking heads in a battle for
 territorial rights has a fairly accurate picture of arian methods of
 operation. The self directed assertiveness of the  ram almost
 guarantees that being intimidated into submission will never  be a
 problem they'll face.
 .
 A rather excitable impulsiveness, which leads to an unhappy tendency
 to leap before looking, is a more obvious arian difficulty.
 .
 Aries can accomplish much once their dynamic energies are controlled.
 Their martain courage urges them to take risks and attempt new
 undertakings no one else has thought of. Aries' life goal is to make
 these new beginnings and in doing so to open new pathways for us
 all.
 
 Arians, along with those whose natal charts contain a prominent Mars,
 can at times be extremely long on exciting new beginnings, but sadly
 short on patient follow through.  A new and arousing project can
 divert their attention and they'll be off like a whirlwind to build
 new castles, leaving the old one half completed.
 
 Aries is a fire sign, the first of three in the zodiac (Aries, Leo,
 Sagittarius). Once a fire is burning, and Aries burns red hot, it is
 not so easy to put out or to direct. Rams were born believing that
 no one could possibly direct their course half as well as they and,
 as a result, they tend to respond poorly (if at all) to discipline,
 authority or direction from outside themselves.
 
 The glyph for Mars, which resembles an arrow or spear, (a little like
 this: o-> ) is confirmation of the inner beliefs all aries vibrate to.
 If you saw that driving towards you, you would probably get out of
 the way in a hurry, which is exactly what Aries wants.
 
 Rams always seem to be in a hurry. They burn off physical energy at
 an alarming rate, but it is necessary for them. All that pent up fire
 needs an outlet and consequently Aries are renown as athletes and
 fierce competitors. They bring enthusiasm and dash to everything they
 touch and can be inspiring leaders.
 
 Rams have a reputation for living on the brink. They have courage as
 a natural quality, and they need it!  Aries may seem, at times, to
 thrive on crisis and last minute deadlines. It motivates them the way
 nothing else can.
 
 relationships, which are ruled by Aries' opposing sign Libra, can be an
 insecure area for our rams. the GOD of war, their ruling planet, does
 not believe in compromise. "This is my space, and I will never
 surrender it!", Aries says,  forgetting that in relationships
 compromise and sharing is essential. Insecure rams may even attempt
 to dominate partners with the formitable force of their will, a
 behavior with a  potential for tragic consequences.
 
 Rams who are self confident enough to have learned the lessons of
 balance and equality can make marvelous partners.  They are candid
 and open, great fun to be with and exciting and passionate lovers.
 Complex and daring, the sign ruled by the force of Mars is one of the
 zodiac's prime motivators.
            




TAURUS by JaniceJ(April 20 to May 20)

 
 Taureans are ruled by Venus, planet of love, and are symbolized by the BULL.
 When one bears in mind the ancient astrological edict that each sign 
 corrects the excesses of the sign it follows, it becomes easier to
 understand why Taureans can occasionally be "as stubborn as bulls" 
 
 Fiery Aries, Taurus's predecessor, wants to do everything atleast once. 
 Aries untamed fire thrives on new and exciting beginnings, usually 
 without much consideration for the way things were done before.
 
 For earthy Taurus, innovative new ideas which scatter established values 
 to the wind are a horror only slightly less to be feared than going
 broke. Faced with these fiery forces, Bulls do get stubborn. 
 
 Their goal is to protect those traditional values, so dear to their 
 hearts, for all of mankind. Consequently, our prancing ram, full of 
 fire and exploding to begin new projects will run smack dab into a two
 ton Taurean bull who is just as determined to coll him off.
 
 Rams rant, rave, bluster and blow. Taurus isn't impressed. Bulls are a 
 fixed earth sign, endowed with patience. They can wait. 
 
 The end result, though it may take a while, is that Aries departs at a 
 slightly slower pace with the idea firmly planted in their head that
 just because something is old and established, it does not of necessity
 need to be cast aside.
 
 Taurus departs in a grumpy mood, satisfied to have done his job, but 
 feeling that he is forever having to clean up after fire signs.
 
 Taurus, when not engaged in skirmishes with fire, is usually at home and
 happy to be there. Providing a comfortable and secure home is of 
 utmost importance to Bulls. The traditional Taurean preoccupation with 
 money and possession is but an off-shoot of this urge. Taureans only 
 run into problems when they confuse quantity with quality.
 
 Taurus, though strongly associated with the material side of life, is 
 after all ruled by Venus, the planet of love. Taureans, indeed people 
 of any sign, who display stingy attitudes with money usually are just
 as stingy with their affection. The gathering of possessions and wealth 
 as an end in itself only frustrates Venus, who always wants to give.
 
 True happiness for Taurus may lie in learning to share, with love, all 
 they are and all they have. Through this important lesson Taureans 
 learn that they have mush more to offer than mateial comforts. Their 
 strength, warmth, and sturdy reliability are their greatest gifts.
 
  

 GEMINI(May 21 to June 21)


 By JaniceJ

 Gemini is ruled by Mercury, planet of communication, and symbolized by the 
 Twins, Castor and Pollux. Gemini's symbol, the twins, holds more than just
 abstract meaning for these lively air signs. Watching Gemini from the
 sidelines, it is truly difficult to believe that any one person could do so
 many things at once.

 Gemini bakes a cake with one hand, turns the pages of a book with the other,
 while simultaneously watching TV, listening to the radio and talking on the
 phone. This juggling act is Gemini's specialty and is carried out with the
 skill and dexterity of a master circus performer. The awestruck observer who
 wonders aloud what on earth Gemini is upto will probably be told
 "just relaxing" and be receiving the total truth.

 While all of this might lead one to justifiably believe that being ruled by 
 the planet of communication tends to keep one pretty busy, there is much
 more to our twins that just these versatile displays.

 The sign Gemini represents the spark of curiousty that lights up our minds
 with the desire to "know". Gemini's traditional friendly and open nature
 reflects their desire both to learn from us and to share with us what they
 have learned from others.

 This outgoing sociability makes our twins a delight to be with. They tend 
 to be right at home on any stage, podium or living room floor where their
 natural ability to communicate with style and wit can entertain as well
 as inform.

 Writing is another area where Gemini may excell. It is usually a safe bet 
 that tucked away somewhere, Gemini keeps a diary. For our twins,
 communicating their thoughts and ideas is as important as breathing. 
 Communication in and of itself, however, can be a pretty dismal thing if
 there is no one on the receiving end.
 
 Our twins have acquired through the ages a reputation for being somewhat 
 fickle in the area of relationships. This may at times be true and place 
 our Twins face-to-face with some unhappy consequences for no sign in 
 the Zodiac needs people more than Gemini. Twins, who fall prey to that 
 malady common to all air signs (Gemini, Libra, Aquarius), have the tendency
 to write off as an irrational "pain in the neck" strong emotional
 involvements, can occasionally find themselves engaged in one-way
 conversations with their refrigerators.

 It is important that Gemini come to accept that how they "feel" is just 
 as vital and important as what they "think". Watch a Gemini who is 
 having relationship troubles. The first thing they will do is read a book 
 on the subject, convinced that if they acquire enough knowledge they will
 be able to make everything just fine. Next they will announce to their 
 astonished partner that they have discovered the reasons for all their
 problems and usually produce a list which they want their partner to
 read carefully.

 THAT can be the final blow for a partner who only wanted them to sit down
 for a minute and listen to how they "feel" about things.They might 
 have even hoped that Gemini might open up a little about their OWN feelings.

 Not a bad idea Gem! Deciding logically what you feel in a relationship or in
 life is only half the picture. Do us all a favor and acknowledge your 
 emotions. We can all learn from you then!
 


Cancer (June 22-July 22)

 By JaniceJ

 .
 The sign Cancer is ruled by the reflective and changeable Moon and is
 symbolized by the Crab.
 .
 Reading any basic Astrology text which describes the positive attributes
 of this water sign would tend to make you want to run right out and get
 a Cancer all for your very own: Compassionate, caring, healing, emotional,
 family oriented, nurturing.
 .
 You might wonder, given all of these sterling qualities, why a sign so
 obviously filled to overflowing with the Milk of Human Kindness could
 possibly by symbolized by something as potentially nasty as a Crab!
 .
 Cancer is probably one of the most complex signs in the Zodiac. They
 share this distinction with their two fellow water signs (Scorpio and
 Pisces) for when dealing with the element of water in any form we are
 dealing with a source of tremendous power and tremendous diversity.
 .
 Take a look at water! See how it flows around whatever is in its path,
 not pausing, simply adapting its course to accommodate the obstacle. Pour
 water into any vessel. There is no attempt on the part of water to
 change the shape of the vessel which contains it. Water effortlessly
 changes ITS shape until it fits, snugly, into its new home. Cancer's
 strength lies in this ability to adapt themselves and flow comfortably
 into the needs and feelings of others.
 .
 Cancers do care! They care deeply about those things and people in their
 life which make them FEEL safe, secure and accepted. Moon Children will
 constantly seek that safe haven where they can feel free to poke their
 heads out of their crusty shell and look around at life. Thus, Cancer's
 traditional preoccupation with "home". The Crab only gets nasty when its
 security is threatened or its feelings ignored.
 .
 The Moon, which rules this emotional sign is NOT the most stable of
 bodies. It whizzes through the Zodiac in its orbit around the Earth in a
 lightning 28 days. Its orbit is not consistent, but a sort of herky-jerky
 motion which moves..now fast..now slow.. as it touches each sign and
 planet in your chart. Small wonder that Cancers, who respond
 instinctively to the Moon's vibrations, can occasionally be called "moody".
 The low and high tides of their emotions follow the staggered path of
 their ruler, making it difficult at times for them to be sure WHAT they
 feel from one day to the next.
 .
 The sign Cancer offers to each of us the opportunity to establish
 emotional ties to others. It teaches us about the love and security which
 we can experience through caring for others. Cancers only experience
 problems when, in their desire to care for those they love, they forget
 that the whole point of nurturing others is to allow them to grow into
 independence.
 .
 These are the "Cosmic Mothers" of the Zodiac, though the point should be
 made that EVERYONE responds to the Cancerian vibration through the
 Moon in their chart, AND through the house in their natal chart which
 has Cancer on the cusp. The reflected light of the moon symbolized the
 reflected life some Cancers may lead if they depend too much on the
 emotional care they give to others as an indication of their OWN worth.
 Children leave home, people move on. Cancers who cannot accept this will
 cling to the past, despondent and unhappy.
 .
 Cancers are supportive and encouraging partners when their emotional
 strength is directed, at least in part, towards themselves. They are able
 to ENCOURAGE those around them to follow thier own paths of growth.
 They draw strength from the experiences and lessons of the past,
 rather than clinging to them. They provide a safe and cozy haven to
 which their wandering chicks can return for sustenance, while in the
 meantime they are busy achieving their OWN goals in life. Moon Children
 who can find their "home" and emotional security in their own inner being
 will live out the highest qualities of their sign, to the benefit of all
 whom they touch.
 


LEO(July 23 to August 22) 

By: JaniceJ
 .
 The Sun always seems determined to shine a little brighter and hotter
 when it is in Leo, the sign which it rules.
 .
 Leo is a fire sign, outgoing and enthusiastic. Leo is also a fixed sign,
 lending stability and determination to the Leonian fire. These Children of
 the Sun are symbolized by the Lion.
 .
 In myth, Leos are represented by the Sun God, Apollo, whose golden chariot
 carried the Sun across the heavens each day, giving life to the Earth
 below. It was well known in Olympian circles that none but Apollo could
 drive the golden "Chariot of Day" and rare indeed is the Leo who does
 not believe deep in their heart that no one is quite as capable as they
 when it comes to running the show,the house or the world.
 .
 Our Lions carry in their hearts the childlike belief that life is good and
 will bestow on the deserving all of its bounties. Leos also carry in their
 hearts the firm conviction that absolutely no one could possibly be more
 deserving than they.
 .
 This belief tends to manifest as a blazing self-confidence which reaps
 many a golden harvest for our big cats. A Leo will prepare for even the
 most harrowing of life's battles regally assuming that they have already
 won. For them the issue is never in doubt and any attempts to persuade
 the "king" or "queen" to the contrary will usually fall on deaf ears. In
 the face of this unyielding assurance, lesser souls are prone to figure
 that anyone THAT sure of themself must know their business.
 .
 Those foes who don't out-right flee usually switch sides in a hurry.  This
 fearlessness bestows on Leos a potential for leadership unequalled in the
 Zodiac. Leonian courage, charm and exuberence tends to draw a crowd and
 given a willing audience, Leo's are masters at making their cause yours. A
 strong dose of Leos dazzle could convince even the most pragmatic that
 saving manhole covers is what they have ALWAYS wanted to do.
 .
 To a Leo, these natural leadership abilities are all a part of the game of
 life which they play with unflagging Zest. The irresistible urge to "try
 their luck" is a constant companion and a constant source of excitement.
 Each chance our Lions take in life, be it betting the lottery, gambling
 their heart in a love affair, or risking rejection by offering themselves
 through art or the theater is an opportunity to second guess the future
 and grab a little of tomorrow today.
 .
 It can be highly irritating to more practical signs that our Lions seem to
 walk off a winner in these gambles more often than might be expected.
 What might surprise them even more is the small amount of significance
 Leos attach to these victories. Our Lions consider these tokens no more
 than their due. Their real goal is the admiration these victories win
 them not the victories themselves.
 .
 Leos are heros at heart. No matter what triumph they may achieve they
 want the world to applaud not only their achievements but the gallantry
 of their quest. The spectacular catch  or a winning number is of little
 consequence to a Leo if no one knows about it,or worse, knows but
 doesn't care!
 .
 Life being what it is, however, even a Leo will occasionally have to face
 defeat. No reason they may offer to others will ever convince their own
 proud hearts that this experience was in any way necessary but
 necessary it probably was. Humility is definately not Leo's strong suit. It
 is just their biggest challenge. The lesson offered to Leos is that other
 Suns must not only be ALLOWED to shine, they must be ENCOURAGED to
 shine. Encouraged with the strength, devotion and enthusiastic generosity
 which may be Leos greatest gift.
 


VIRGO(August 23 to September 22)
 
 By: JaniceJ
 .
 Virgo's are ruled by the planet Mercury and symbolized by the Virgin.
 .
 In ancient myth and legend, Virgoans are associated with the god Vulcan.
 Vulcan was the smithy of Olympus whose mighty forge fashioned not only
 the armaments of war, worn with distinction by the likes of Achilles, but
 also the delicate and decorative ornaments so lavishly admired by
 Olympus's more well known but less hard-working residents.
 .
 From this, their legendary forerunner, today's Virgos have had dumped on
 them the rather unglamorous reputation of being fairly dull fellows who
 would remain quite contently bogged down in detailed work while the
 rest of the world was happily throwing frisbees.
 .
 In truth Virgos like a good time as much as the next sign and can become
 quite irritated at the suggestion that they tend to be prudish lovers of
 toil. They care a great deal about doing their job well and take great
 pride in being productive as do all earth signs (Taurus, Virgo, Capricorn)
 Once the job is completed to their satisfaction, however, Virgo is ready
 to stand toe-to-toe with any Leo when it comes
 to having fun.
 .
 Virgos only run into problems when their natural tendency for detailed
 examination of an issue, a task, or a person is allowed to disintegrate
 into nit-picking. Being a perfectionist can be difficult particularly in a
 world so filled to overflowing with imperfections that seem to cry out
 for Virgo's services. Virgos really are only trying to help but those on
 the receiving end of their generosity can sometimes wish they would just
 leave well enough alone.
 .
 Virgos must learn that their ability to enjoy the beauty and wonder of all
 things in life can be expanded to allow for the frailities and flaws which
 give to all things their stamp of uniqueness.
 .
 Virgos' task in life, that of service, is a noble one. In accepting those
 occasional duties which might be thought too boring for other signs less
 devoted to this ideal, Virgo paves the way for the subduing of ego which
 is a necessary quality in the sign which follows it, Libra, the sign of
 relationships.



LIBRA(September 23 to October 23)

 By: JaniceJ
 .
 The rulership of Libra by the planet of love, coupled with its symbol, the
 scales of equality and balance, suggest that for all mankind love is still
 the great equaliZer.
 .
 In ancient myth, Venus, Goddess of Love, is reputed to have sprung full
 grown from the foam of the sea. This beautiful Goddess, when not busily
 involved in romantic turmoils of her own, roamed the hills and valleys of
 Greece (accompanied by her son and side-kick, Cupid) stiring up the
 populace with her matchmaking skills.
 .
 Her best known match was between the shepherd Paris and the beautiful
 but, sadly already married, Helen.  Helen's previous commitment was a
 matter of small consequence to the Goddess, an attitude not shared by
 Helen's unceremoniously dumped hubby, who promptly launched the Trogan
 War.
 .
 More modern day Librans can fully understand Helen's predicament. Love is
 love, and it refuses to discriminate.
 .
 At times for Librans the mere impossibility of a romantic situation can
 make the object of their affections SO much more appealing.
 .
 Librans of both sexes can become helpless victims of soap-opera addiction.
 These television shows appeal to Libra's love of the romantic feuds and
 fusses of life.
 .
 Venus's sign is the sign of peace, but Libra, and the house it rules in the
 natural Zodiac (the 7th), also holds sway over war and public enemies.
 Libra's dual rulership of both love and hostility may seem contradictory
 until one considers that the Trojan War is only one example of the sort
 of mischief that falling in love can lead to. Crimes of passion are known
 in any society. To Librans, however, such unfortunate side effects are
 all part of the game and, all things considered, love is still worth the
 price of admission.
 .
 The glyph which represents Libra's ruler, Venus, is easily recognizable as
 the symbol for women. (Like this, only upright: O+ ) This symbol also has
 powerful meaning to the women's liberation movement. What tends to get
 lost in the occasional shuffle between the sexes is the fact that love, in
 the true Libran sense, liberates all people.
 .
 Libran's love of all things beautiful, cultured and lovingly expressed can
 also be traced to their rulers glyph which, upon close inspection, looks
 somewhat like a hand-held mirror.  Librans tend to see themselves
 strongly reflected in what and who they most dearly value so it is not
 too surprising that Libra wants those things to be as pleasing to the
 senses as possible.
 .
 Finding their own identity, separate and apart from the loves in their
 life is, at times, difficult for these children of Venus, but it is a most
 necessary part of their growth.
 


SCORPIO(October 23 to November 22)

 By: JaniceJ
 .
 Scorpio is possibly the most picked on sign in the Zodiac. This powerful
 water sign is ruled by the planet Pluto, an astrological heavy weight, and
 symbolized by the scorpian OR the eagle.
 .
 In any conversation or astrological text which refers to Scorpio, there
 are two words which will usually be mentioned at some point: Death and
 Sex.
 .
 Confessing to being born under the sign Scorpio nearly always guarantees
 raised eyebrows and vague, somewhat shocked references to your secret
 love life.  One could easily be left with the impression that being born a
 Scorpio, while not exactly a social disgrace, IS rather a social "no no".
 .
 Death, sex, and most of the other words commonly used to describe
 Scorpios are, in reality, only symbolic of the experiences through which
 they seek to realize their true goals: rebirth, transformation from
 within, and emotional security.
 .
 Autumn is the season of Scorpio, a time when nature is much concerned
 with death and renewal. Leaves fall and plants die. Within this symbolic
 death, however, is carried the seed which will be reborn in the spring.
 indeed, without this symbolic death, there could be no rebirth.
 .
 Scorpios are much in tune with this powerful time in nature. Basically
 tender and sensitive underneath, they are tremendously aware of how
 deeply they can be hurt. The vulnerability of this most intensely emotional
 of the water signs (Cancer, Scorpio, Pisces) tends to show up as a
 rather uneasy need to control not only their own feelings but those of
 everyone in sight. From this vulnerability also springs their reputation
 for secrecy and their hesitancy to trust.
 .
 It seems appropriate that this sign, so concerned with the secrets of
 life and death, should rule physicians. Most Scorpios are on intimate
 terms with the powerful forces which heal and renew from within. Those
 Scorpios not directly involved with these forces will still, as a rule, be
 fascinated by them. Nothing will delight a Scorpio more than the chance
 to use their powerful will and probing mind to solve a mystery.
 .
 On the other hand, nothing can give these charismatic people mental and 
 emotional indigestion faster than any attempt to place that will under the
 control of another. Anytime you presume to control the will of a Scorpio,
 you had better have a good reason ,maybe several good reasons.
 
 It might be well to mention here for the benefit of all of you outgoing
 fire and air signs, practical earth signs and INFINATELY more sensitive
 (you think) water signs who are breathing a sigh of relief at not having
 to deal with such heavy emotional issues that everyone has the sign
 Scorpio on at least one house in their horoscope (sometimes two!).
 Everyone has an 8th house (Scorpio's house) and everyone has Scorpio's
 powerful ruler, Pluto, rumbling around somewhere in their chart.
 
 In all of our lives there are times and experiences that will bring us into
 contact with the raw emotional power of Scorpio. Times and experiences
 that may bring about a symbolic death, so that we may know a renewing
 rebirth. Children leave home, relationships end and attitudes change.
 
 These times of transformation, though stressful at the time, pave the
 way to a deeper understanding of our own emotional needs. They also open
 new doors which we might otherwise have left closed.
 


SAGITTARIUS(November 23 to December 21) 

 By:  JaniceJ


 Sagittarius is a fire sign, ruled by beautiful Jupiter. They are symbolized
 by the Centaur, half man (archer), half horse.
 
 Sag has been called, with some justification, "the sign of the bachelor".
 Archers of both sexes do seem to cast a very suspicious eye on any
 committment that would rob them of their freedom to explore life. The
 goal sought by every Sagittarian, consciously or not, is to find the
 meaning behind all they experience and to expand this meaning into wisdom
 from which we all can benefit. Sag is the sign of the prophet, the
 philosopher, the seeker of truth.
 
 That these are noble motives is undeniable but when dealing with
 Sagittarians there are, from time to time, unfortunate side effects.
 Our Archers have a disconcerting habit of seeking the truth with such a
 vengence that tact gets left by the wayside. They can pronounce a new
 hat "ugly" or a valued ideology "stupid" with blunt matter-of-factness
 and wander off in search of new adventure totally oblivious to the
 seething tempers, or hurt feelings, left behind.
 
 Allowances must be made, for our Archers truly do not intend their
 arrows to wound. They simply seek wisdom for the good of all and, in
 their exuberance, lose sight of the fact that what is not very high on
 their priority list may be quite high on someone else's.
 
 Archers generally get forgiven for their occasional lack of subtlety
 because they are just plain fun to be with. Their hearty enjoyment of all
 they do, their love of nature and their fierce belief that the future
 will be wonderful can make them a joy to be around. They are sure they
 will be lucky, and they are generally right.
 
 Both Sagittarius and its ruler Jupiter have traditional associations with
 that illusive quality..luck. It would probably be more correct to say that
 Archers make their own luck as an off-shoot of their faith in
 themselves and their beliefs. Their Zest for living and desire for
 stimulating experiences brings contacts... opportunity ...luck.
 
 This same kind of luck, born of optimism, will also be felt by anyone, of
 any sign, whose natal chart contains many planets in Sagittarius's natural
 house, the 9th. Those of us being influenced by a strong Jupiter transit,
 will also feel more "transitory" shots of this same openness to "luck".
 
 The fire signs, being more outgoing by nature, have a stronger tendency
 to ACT on these influences, a quality that works to their benefit. On
 the other side of the coin, Sag and his two firey partners (Aries and
 Leo) also share a common problem: They can't seem to establish much
 more than a nodding acquaintance with the more practical side of life.
 
 They can, in fact, become so enamored of an idea, or an ideal, that more
 everyday pursuits (like eating or making car payments) can totally slip
 their minds.
 
 Our Archers tend to feel that it is most unfair of the world to be so
 loaded down with rather boring duties whose sole purpose, so it seems, is
 to deprive them of time better spent peeking around the corner of life
 to see what tomorrow holds. Learning that idealism and big dreams
 require work, effort and an occasional touch of discipline if they are
 ever to become realized is a tough lesson for Sagittarians, but one they
 usually have to learn.
 
 In relationships, Sag can be passionate, open and great fun to be with.
 They may frustrate you at times, particularly if you are looking for a
 life long committment. Marry they will, but at times the wait can seem
 endless.
 
 Sag will usually support you in any attempts you may be making to improve
 yourself. They can be the most encouraging of signs and are usually not
 insecure about accepting a partner's growth and personal
 freedom (provided that it is returned in kind). Their insights about your
 future goals and potential for success are usually right on target.
 
 Friend or lover, Sag offers wisdom, exuberance and faith.                 



CAPRICORN(December 22 to January 20)


By: JaniceJ
 .

                                         Capricorns are symbolized by the
 Mountain Goat and ruled by realistic and practical Saturn.
 .
 Capricorns are usually sober and responsible people. Following the drum
 beat of their rather stern ruler, they can give exalted new meaning to
 the word "industrious." Even Goats whose charts contain several planets
 in less goal-oriented signs will generally be found pursuing their
 extracurricular activities only after they have put in their eight or ten
 (or more) hours bringing home the bacon.
 .
 Capricorn's goal is to deal realistically and successfully with the material
 world and through their exmple to teach others to do the same. For
 some Capricorns, however, this creditable end occasionally has a tendency
 to justify some rather cold-blooded means. At times Caps can APPEAR a
 little ruthless. If reaching the summit of their particular mountain
 involves walking right over the backs of other less purposeful signs
 now and then, well, they should quit fooling around and get out of the
 way.
 .
 Part of the motivation for Capricorn's goal borrows from the ancient
 astrological teaching that it is the responsibility of each sign to
 correct the excesses of the sign it follows. Caps are generally at home
 with the idea of accepting responsibility from birth but even our hard
 working Mountain Goats may find that they have their work decidedly cut
 out for them since they follow on the heels of impulsive Sagittarius.
 Our Goats take one horrified look at the cluttered chaos left by the
 firey Archers and throw up their hands in disgust.
 .
 Eventually though, after grumbling awhile about how "some people" have no
 sense of order, they set about putting things right. As they sort
 through the litter, Cappy inevitably runs across a few of Sagittarius's
 idealistic dreams, left behind by the Archers in their pursuit of "bigger
 and better things". These Cap will gather up and take home to their
 Mountain lair.  Eventually, Capricorn is in no hurry, these dreams will
 emerge in a form which is both workable and practical.
 .
 This system works rather well as Capricorns sometimes have a difficult
 time engaging in their own flights of idealistic fancy. The feet of the 
 Mountain Goat are firmly planted on the ground, and the abstract,
 imaginary, future oriented dreams of the fire and air signs only drive
 them to distraction. Cap tends to see these visions as impractical
 fantasies. They are much more comfortable with the tried and true.
 .
 Capricorn has the patient endurance common to all Earth signs (Taurus,
 Virgo, Capricorn). If you are looking for flowery sentiment or emotional
 mush in a lover, you had probably better look elsewhere. Those who value
 inner strength and a deep and subtle sensitivity will find it in our
 Capricorns. Cappy does not turn pale and break for cover at the sound
 of the word "committment". In fact, a relationship without this quality
 of permanence and security will probably not appeal to them for long.
 .
 They are generally there when you need them. A rock, or a mountain, of
 strength.
 


AQUARIUS (January 21 to February 18)


By: JaniceJ

.
 Aquarius is ruled by Uranus, the rebel planet, and symbolized by the
 Waterbearer.
 .
 One brief look at Uranus, Aquarius's ruling planet, can give considerable
 insight into the Aquarian nature.
 .
 Uranus absolutely refuses to do things the way his fellow planets do them.
 This rule-breaking planet rotates "backwards" on its axis when compared
 to the rest of the planets. Uranus is "sideways", with its equator
 forming almost a right angle to its orbit around the Sun. Rather like
 someone who preferred to roll on their belly while everyone else was
 walking erect.
 .
 As might be expected, those born under the influence of this contrary
 planet tend to exhibit behavior that is rather "backward" and "sideways"
 from what might be considered normal. For Aquarians, as for Uranus,
 such unconventional behavior IS normal.
 .
 In view of this, it is rather easy to understand why Aquarians are
 singularly unimpressed with the rules and regulations of society. Such
 rules, they feel, were meant to be broken (or at least severely bent)
 before they can be considered of any real value. It troubles the average
 Aquarian, if such a creature exists, not one iota when society is thrown
 into a state of shock by their actions or attitudes. They are, in fact,
 more than a little pleased.
 .
 Aquarius is the last of the air signs (Gemini, Libra, Aquarius). Air is the
 element of knowledge and intellect, and the water poured forth from the
 Waterbearer symbol represents the waters of knowledge freely given to
 all of humanity. This is the inner goal of all Aquarians, and their
 occasionally shocking behavior is generally motivated by this inner desire.
 Before knowledge can be given to all, they feel, it must be tested and
 found to be true.
 .
 Aquarians, along with those who have many Uranus aspects in their natal
 chart, take their independence very seriously. They take a decidedly dim
 and occasionally down right rebellious view of anyone or anything that
 restricts their freedom to do things their way. My Aquarian daughter
 absolutely cannot open any box from its proper end, many Aquarians
 can't.  Telling an Aquarian that they HAVE to do things a certain way
 nearly always guarantees that they will behave in the opposite fashion.
 .
 Aquarian disenchantment with yesterday's rules and methods, coupled with
 their desire to improve the lot of all humanity, has produced inventors
 and innovative scientists of the highest order, Thomas Edison for one.
 One survey found that there were more Aquarians in the Hall of Fame
 than any other sign in the Zodiac.
 .
 Aquarian's strong feelings of brotherhood with all of humanity incline them
 to adopt a rather detached overview of life that can be of great value
 to society. This same quality, however, can cause considerable frustration
 with those with whom they are intimate.
 .
 Aquarians usually feel that all those "yucky" emotions foul up their logic,
 restrict their freedom and generally create no end of problems. These
 detached feelings are a source of irritation to their partners, who can
 become upset at the lack of real emotional intimacy in the relationship.
 .
 Aquarians do have feelings. They just tend to lose contact with them or
 forceably supress them. A good prescription for quickly gaining the
 attention of a cool Aquarian partner is to apply a little Uranian shock
 therapy of your own. Do something unexpected and a little rebellious,
 then sit back with a big smile and watch the Aquarian reaction.
 Satisfaction guarenteed!
 .
 The moon in the chart of the United States of America is in the sign
 Aquarius. Our country has a deep emotional need to defend freedom
 anywhere it is threatened. As a nation, we nurture freedom and individual
 expression. The right of protest (a BIG Aquarian issue) is one of our
 most sacred freedoms. Americans vibrate naturally to the rhythm of Uranus.
And,
 for better or worse, the USA is forever wedded to this most eccentric
 of all the planets.
 


PISCES(February 20 to March 20) 


 By JaniceJ

.
 Pisces, the most sensitive of the water signs, is ruled by elusive Neptune,
 and symbolized by two fish swimming in opposite directions.
 .
 The fish that symbolize Pisces reflect both the greatest strength and
 the greatest weakness in this water sign.  Their home is the vast
 ocean of subconscious emotional ties which unite all humanity though we
 SEEM, like Pisces's fish, to be swimming in opposite directions.
 Communicating these ties is Pisces strength and their goal.
 .
 Often this communication offers itself through music, poetry, or other
 art forms. These mediums are an open channel through which one person
 may strike an emotional chord to which vast numbers of people may
 respond.
 .
 Art, in its many and varied forms, can help us acknowledge and
 understand our feelings.  Compassion for those who suffer, whether or
 not we are personally connected to them, is what helps feed the hungry
 in starving nations and provides instant help and relief to our brothers
 and sisters caught in the chaos of disaster, natural or otherwise.
 .
 Occasionally, however, these special emotional ties which Pisces feel to all
 mankind, coupled with their sensitive and compassionate nature, sorely
 tempt our Fish to believe that they can, single handedly, care for and
 save any and all who suffer.  That this admittedly noble cause is,
 practically speaking, something of an impossibility seldom occurs to our
 caring Fish, who can be accused of thinking practically only rarely, if at
 all.
 .
 The world of rational and detached reason is the domain of the air signs,
 and Pisces usually feel about as much at home with these qualities as
 their Fish would feel if it were snatched from their watery haven and
 dropped into the world of air.  Pisces generally couldn't care less about
 the "logical" reasons why they shouldn't feel the way they do.  They just
 feel that way, and that is enough for them.
 .
 This lack of logical detachment can give our Fish considerable difficulty in
 the area of relationships.  While their extreme emotional sensitivity can
 make them the most tender of lovers, Piscean love can also produce a
 tendency to idealize the object of their affection to a degree that,
 unhappily, most mere human beings can never live up to.
 .
 Being forced to the top of a pedestal by an adoring Piscan can make life
 very difficult for even the best intentioned of lovers. The
 disillusionment that Pisceans feel when their beloved exhibits human flaws
 and faults can be nothing compared to the confusion of the beloved who
 never claimed to be perfect in the first place!
 .
 This quality inherent in Pisces's character is really an overdone or
 misdirected virtue.  Pisceans who can adjust their view of life and love
 to include just a touch of realism are not only the most warm and
 cherishing of lovers but the most effective and sympathetic of
 counselors to those in trouble.
 .
 Pisces who can avoid the trap of becoming the saviours of the world will
 also avoid the accompanying unhappiness which is a direct result of
 believing that any one person can "save" another.  Pisces who offer
 unconditional love to others while, at the same time, allowing others to
 learn their own lessons, no matter how painful, live out the highest
 qualities of this sign of Universal love and service.
 

                                                                               
                                                                              
