


        HEAVENLY  BODIES
            By Nama


   Here is a description of the male anatomy based on the sign location of Mars
at birth.


MARS IN ARIES

   This man will have a compact, finely-shaped penis with a sensitive crown. 
The appendages often have proturberances.  Passionwise, Mars in Aries is direct
and steadfast.  There is high energy and enthusiasm with quick orgasms.  Often
impatient.


MARS IN TAURUS

   The penis here swells slightly before reaching the crown where it tapers
into a slight, blunted point. There often are very detectable veins on the
penis.  Mars in Taurus has good stamina.


MARS IN GEMINI

   This is a slender and flexible organ.  Stamina depends on mental stimulation
and satisfaction is not easily attained.  Here you will find quite unorthodox
behavior patterns.


MARS IN CANCER

   Often roundish in shape, this is a penis that starts small but swells
righteously.  There's an oddly soft consistency, rather ballonlike.  This
position of Mars generally attempts to prove something, and there may be common
psychosexual difficulties.  These men often engage in intensive, sensuous
activity but can suffer temporary difficulties under emotional stress.


MARS IN LEO

   This organ is generally finely molded with a powerfully developed base and
an extra large crown.  Coloration is more pronounced in this sign.  Mars in Leo
has heavy self-discipline and is strongly passionate...often causing heart
seizures.


MARS IN VIRGO

   Physically quite similar to the Mars in Gemini.  They may posses an extra
vein or two.  The large center vein is usually well-developed.  Passionate.


MARS IN LIBRA

   Rather beautiful, well-shaped penis. High degree of coloration.  The base of
the penis is especially sensitive as is the surrounding area.  The balls are
nicely balanced.  The performance of Mars in Libra, however, is not all it
could be.  Performance depends on the ardor and response of their partners and
under good circumstances, Mars in Libra can go to great lengths.  With hurt
feelings, it is simply no good.


MARS IN SCORPIO

   Swollen, blunt instrument with a powerful, even calloused, knobby head.  In
a perpetual state of readiness.  The penis is extremely delicate and pale. 
Mars
in Scorpio enjoys unorthodox entrances.  Stamina can be a problem. They can be
stubbornly non-functional when the will so dictates.


MARS IN SAGITTARIUS

   Well-shaped penis with a strong swerve to one side or the other.  Uniform
width with medium or large size lengths.  The muscles are well-developed giving
this native good ability to contract in a most unusual fashion.  As with all
Fire Signs, Mars in Sag moves forward quickly and steadily but is more subtle
than most.  Tendency here for short performances but they manage to be very
sportive.


MARS IN CAPRICORN

   Aims to perform at its best often preferring no relationship at all if there
is any feeling of incapacitation.  An annoying trait of this sign is caution. 
These natives tend to improve with age and are much better after 30.  Generally
a compact, medium-sized penis with some astonishing exceptions.  When in the
right mood, performance is exceptional, and the partner may find it difficult
to keep up.  An element of vengence is not uncommon here.  Lust characterizes
this Mars Sign.


MARS IN AQUARIUS

   Performs with great variances in quality...not always noted for prolonged
activity.  Best for sudden upsurgings of passion.  There is less fertility with
this sign and good aspects give an unyielding and commanding quality to
technique.  Larger than average testicles balls.


MARS IN PISCES

   Tries harder.  The penis is often strangely proportioned or oddly shaped
with a bend to the left or right and sometimes a double bend or wiggle can be
observed or felt.  Stamina isn't that good for basics but inexhaustible when
engaged in variations.  Mars in Pisces can be irritating yet somehow manages to
endear.  Great makings for a lecherous man.





   
