









                            
THE POWER WITHIN THE ASCENDANT

                  
by: John Raifsnider
     
                                     
     
Let's get into the depths of what the Rising Sign means from the esoteric
perspective.
     
First, the distinction between the Sun, the Moon, and the Rising Signs. These
being, symbolically: The Sun: The Present; The Moon: The Past; The  Ascendant:
The Future. We are going to look at the Rising Sign as the key to the future.
     
Think of the Ascendant as the Spell Breaker, the Life Shaker, the Earth Quaker!
In other words, the energy of the Rising Sign is real D Y N A M I T E!  It is
the power front, spiritually speaking, of the horoscope. How is an automobile
moved forward? By explosions!! That is how an engine
works. Think of the Rising Sign as the spiritual engine of the chart. If ever
we find ourselves 'trapped' -- trapped in any situation 'life' may seem to put
us in, it is the Ascendant that
may be evoked as liberator. If ever we feel ourselves imprisoned or 'stuck', it
is the Ascendant energy which hands
us the key to the lock. Actually, it is the best energy for breaking deadlocks!
     

So too does it provide that extra 'boost' we need for getting out of ruts. (And
a rut, said a
friend of mine, is nothing more than 'an elongated grave'!) Think of it as the
'crowbar' of your horoscope. But a crowbar must be used. A dynamite cap must be
ignited. The potential in our
Ascendant needs effort, on our part, to be awakened.
     
I dare say that, just as science says we use only 10% of our brain power, so,
too, have most of us only barely begun to tap the immense potential in the sign
we find ascending.
     
To accept this transforming energy, we must be forward-looking for, as I said,
this power is the power of the FUTURE.
That is, it is the force that transforms the future into a living present at
last. It is no accident the Rising Sign is called the ASCEND-ant. For what
better means do we have to Ascend, to gain the higher ground?
     
Now, before we move into a look at each Rising Sign potential from the esoteric
standpoint, I give you one
provocative thought:  Think of your
Ascendant as your SUPERSIGN -- the
place of real SUPER POWERS.
     
Everyone knows Superman, right? What Superman is to Clark Kent, one's Rising
Sign is to the Sun Sign. In our Sun
Sign-selves we are all very much like
dear-old Clark Kent. We are mild-mannered reporters, so to speak.
But let us step into a nearby phone booth, or office, and BEHOLD...LOOK UP
IN THE SKY...It is a bird...It is...Well, you get the
idea.
     
The Sun Sign pretty much represents our everyday, mild-mannered personality --
predictable, usual, sometimes a little
'dull' perhaps. But there is a Spirit
of Steel, or better yet, of FIRE hidden beneath that gray suit. To step out of
these clothes, once in a while, is thus a very stimulating experience. By
simply concentrating on the special qualities possessed by the sign on our
Ascendant, we can, little by little,
learn to do just this. By calling to mind its special symbols, we plant into
our 'subconscious' the urge to break
out as our true Super
Selves, activated for us by the Rising
Sign power. By remembering its power in a tight situation, we can call that
power into life.
     
But just remember, our Super Hero friend's power came from his intense desire
to 'save the world'. That is, the power that he used was too big for Clark
Kent. It could only be manifested for the sake of service, for
helping humankind. So, too. do we find our full potentials shining through as
we learn to think in this way. The Super Hero within needs to be called out.
     
Now, I'm going to share a few symbols. These will be hints as to some of these
hidden powers. Allow these symbols
to evoke a thought or a feeling within you.
     
Aries Ascendant: The Rising Sun.
     
The Power to Begin. Aries Ascending holds the Power to Begin, to Initiate, to
Inaugurate.
     
Some others for Aries Ascending are:
     
 A Fountain. A Match. A Spark. And one of my favorites: A ship cutting through
the water at high speed. The glyph for Aries actually makes this shape. 
     
Taurus Ascendant: Gold. A Treasure Chest. A Bull eating a
gold-threaded tablecloth. Gold as the key to Illumination. A Buddha. The hidden
treasure of Taurus rising concerns Wisdom and Illumination.
     
Gemini Rising: Two Pillars. A Doorway To Light. Winged Messenger. Clasped
Hands. Gemini Ascending holds the power to Unify, to Communicate, to lift on
wings of thought. To evoke this energy,
whatever be one's Sun or Moon sign, is to find a doorway to light.
     
Cancer Rising: A Lighted House.
A Cup. A Chalice. A Fertile Valley.
The personality, the 'house' we live in, can be lit from within. And the valley
is an inviting place where living things gather.
     
Leo Rising: The Noonday Sun. A Focusing Lens. A Magnet. These all, of course,
hint at Leo's power to LEAD (a magnet once called 'lodestone' meaning 'lead
stone'). And I would not wish
to leave out: The Lion's ROAR!
     
Virgo Rising: A Womb. A Cocoon. A Chrysalis. A Shield. What is this Power?
Something protective. Something growing inside. Another one is: A fruitful
garden. There is the Power to
protect, to nurture, to nourish, to shield in Virgo.
     
Libra Rising:  A Sunset. Note that Libra commences the Fall season. Libra is
the sign of the contemplator. Unlike Aries, which solves its problems through
ACTION, Libra instead Muses, Considers, and CONTEMPLATES. It is inward turning,
like the Sunset.
     
Scorpio Rising:  A Warrior. A
Battlefield! The Power to conquer
and destroy one's obstacles. This is something dynamic in Scorpio. To see one's
life as a battlefield, where surrounding forces may lead to spiritual defeat,
is a peculiarly Scorpionic Rising Sign sense. Therefore, this power comes into
its best expression not when one is in a purely defensive position, but when
there is a wholehearted charging ahead
in a spirit of triumph. Also, in Scorpio, there is the Power to DIE.
     
Sagittarius Rising:  A Laser Beam. Interesting that Lasers are being developed
for everything from shooting down 'enemy aircraft' to healing the body. The
fiery intensity of Sagittarius may indeed burn with results in either
direction.  It gains its power from its absolute narrow focus. Contrasted with
Gemini, its opposite, whose light is
diffused. If someone had a Gemini Sun and a Sagittarius Rising, their greatest
strength would lie in gathering up all those diverse and varied interests,
talents, etc., and focusing all on one pin-pointed, absolute goal. (Until
another is
seen, of course.)
     
Capricorn Rising:  A Mountain. A Stone Stairway.  The overiding spiritual
instinct in Capricorn Rising
is, I think, one of continuous
ascension. By contrast, Cancer
is DESCENT oriented. It seeks the valley. It is a descending stairway that
beckons. Capricorn pitches
tent on the cold mountain peak and
Cancer lights a warm fireplace in
the cabin of the valley below.
     
 Aquarius Rising:  An electric
power generating plant at the foot
of a dam. The trick is not to
mix the water with the electricity
coming out at the other end. To transform emotional energy into the powerful
electric energy of knowledge is one its tasks. Where Leo needs to
concentrate its energy (like the focusing lens), Aquarius on the
ascendant, has to radiate it
out.
     
Pisces Rising: A Rainbow. The beauty of the rainbow is something Pisces Rising
achieves because water has risen upward where light can play through it. Pisces
always has this heaven-seeking urge in it. The urge to dream is one sign of
this. And this is what
transforms it in the way that the rainbow is a transformation of earth's
storms. Pisces is really a mediator between a higher and a lower world. The
rainbow seems a symbol of this. Interesting that Virgo, a sign for the
nourishing of the Earth, must have water coming down as rain to make its
garden grow. But, the Pisces is
the water that rises, as in condensation, upward. Pisces knows that a dream may
feed the soul in the same
way that Virgo knows that deeds
done on Earth are also needed to nurture the best in people. Two opposite
Rising Signs with two very different approaches. Yet each is right for each.
     
 And that, perhaps, is the central point in all of this. To know the special
challenge of
one's Rising Sign, is to
follow the highest path to success.
It is to move forward and to grow, as opposed to moving in a circle, going
nowhere in particular. This is what the
study of Astrology is all about.
     
                            






                                       
                                   
