     
      
      
      MARS IN THE SIGNS
      
      
      By Jupe and Nama
      
      
           In a natal chart, Mars shows where you expend your energy. It
      also shows your ambitions, assertiveness, desires, and sexual drive. 
      
      
      MARS IN ARIES
      
      
           The native with Mars in Aries is dynamic, vigorous, independent,
      dominant, courageous, and aggressive. This person can also be
      hot-tempered and rude!! This energy must be channeled to be
      successful, because they just never stop moving. This is a very
      passionate placement. They are also aggressive lovers.
           These people love to take charge. They are ardent, impulsive, and
      uncomplicated. They are also enthusiastic and fun to be with. Their
      desires are very strong. They also tend to spur others into action.
      They are always busy doing something. They may rush on toward their
      immediate goal without really paying attention to what is going on
      around them, sort of like the Titanic, heading full throttle toward
      New York, blissfully unaware of the iceberg that has drifted into the
      middle of its path. (Paul Newman, Joe Namath, Gloria Steinem, Xaviera
      Hollander)
      
      
      MARS IN TAURUS
      
      
           These people can be dogmatic. They can also be obstinate  and very
self assured. They generally have good earning power and are
      practical as well as having great endurance. Mars in Taurus is very
      self-contained and has great control of their emotions.
           Sexually, these natives are earthy and sensual. Sex is VITAL to
      them. They love the physical, sensual side and are especially
      stimulated by touch and touching. They are possessive and jealous but
      very good to their lovers as well as being faithful and persistent.
      They are slow but thorough lovermakers who can spend hours and hours
      on end in bed.
           Using the Titanic analogy again, Mars in Taurus is more like the
      iceberg, sinking a ship through sheer mass and immobility, suffering
      only a few scratches in the process. (Douglas MacArthur, Bette Davis,
      Houdini, Catherine the Great, Shirley MacLaine)
      
      
      MARS IN GEMINI
      
      
            These people are spontaneous, mentally-active, and have good
      manual dexterity. Their fast-fingers often make for good musicians.
      They are usually quite eloquent speakers. Sexually, they alternate
      between deep relationships and superficial ones.
           These natives can seduce through words. They have fitful physical
      energy and are not well suited for prolonged activity. Physically,
      they tire quickly while mentally, they lose interest if there is not
      constant stimulation. They are swift movers and thrive on change and
      variety. Mars here, tends to be elusive and doesn't become closely
      attached. They love fluid relationships as long as the fluid isn't
      super-glue. (Evita Peron, Louis Armstrong, Sally Struthers, Vincent
      Van Gogh, John Denver) 
      
      
      MARS IN CANCER
      
      
           This Mars placement is a temperamental one. Mars energy here is
      expressed most easily at home or in a place where it FEELS at home.
      Because of moodiness and emotional frustration, this Mars placement can
be quite
      quarrelsome and bitchy. Sexually, they are refined and sensitive.
           This Mars placement does exhibit a wonderful imagination and can
      be very creative. They are also romantic and stimulating lovers,
      because they are acutely sensitive to a partner's needs, physical as
      well as emotional. They have subtlety combined with sweet
      understanding. They will feed, pamper, and fuss over you. If you're
      sick, Mars in Cancer will take care of you better than Mom ever did,
      but then again Mom never sent you a bill. (Tennessee Williams,
      Picasso, Isadora Duncan, Viven Leigh, Groucho Marx)
      
      
      MARS IN LEO
      
      
           Mars in Leo is, above all, passionate. The native with this
      placement is generally generous, fun-loving, and dynamic. They exude
      great personal magnetism. These people are demonstrative, warm, and
      strongly attracted to and attractive to other people. They can see
      things on a large scale.
           They also know how to impress and flaunt! EVERYTHING is performed
      in a grand sweeping style. They are born show-people. In their desire
      to impress others, they can be quite foolhardy. Throwing money around
      is another way they have of trying to impress others. Flash and
      flamboyance are their trademarks. They are like the bathing-beauties
      on the biggest and gaudiest float in the Rose Bowl Parade. They never
      stop waving or smiling until the parade is over. (Sophia Loren, Frank
      Sinatra, Fred Astaire, Cher)
      
      
      MARS IN VIRGO
      
      
           In Virgo, Mars manifests in a very disciplined way. These natives
      are cool, scientific, and logical. This is a good placement for the
      medical profession. If this Mars can liberate itself from its
      obsession with logic, it can operate very well and can warm up a
      bit.
           This Mars loves to play hard to get, but they are so picky that
      hardly anyone appeals to them sexually anyway. When someone does, Mars
      in Virgo caters to their tiniest sexual whim. They want clean,
      healthy, and pure relationships. If devastated in love, they can turn
      to decadence and love among the sickos. At its worst, this Mars can
      become a terrible nag and an incessant worrier. There is a tendency
      toward emotional bondage. Mars in Virgo couldn't live without zip-lock
      bags. (Linda Ronstadt, Yoko Ono, James Cagney, Brooke Shields, Peter
      Sellers)
      
      
      MARS IN LIBRA
      
      
           This Mars can be quite controlled. These natives are charming,
      generous, cooperative and persuasive. They like to entertain and be
      sociable. Sometimes they lack self-reliance and must develop the
      ability to stand alone. Mars in Libra is a true peacelover, who always
      manages to get involved in conflicts. This can be a difficult
      placement because harmonious, even-keeled Libra, a Venus ruled sign,
      is being occupied by Mars, the planet of war and raw energy.
           This placement is prone to love-at-first-sight affairs. They are
      impulsive, ardent and artistic lovers. They do not have a lot of
      staying power, however, and can burn out easily. It doesn't take much
      to upset their equilibrium, and they may tend to overreact. This is a
      passive-aggressive type of placement. Mars in Libra cannot handle
      anger well. Picture a wolf in sheep's clothing, occasionally forgetting
      how to frolic and "Ba-a-a-a" while howling at the Moon. (John Lennon,
      Elvis Presley, Phoebe Snow, Cat Stevens, Anne Landers, Abigail Van
      Buren)
      
      
      MARS IN SCORPIO
      
      
           This Mars placement is potentially EXPLOSIVE! This native is
      strong and self-diciplined. They are self-reliant, efficient,
      dignified and intense!! These natives are very trustworthy and expect
      the same from others. Their sexuality is strong, as well as secretive.
      You don't want to get one of these people angry at you because they
      can be really viscious.
           People with Mars in Scorpio have intense vibes and cannot be
      ignored. They only have to be in a room for others to react to their
      presence. They don't believe in doing things half-way and can be
      relentlessly determined. They are almost indestructible and have
      nerves of steel. They are deep, penetrating, and magnetic. Mars in
      Scorpio can be like a brooding storm cloud full of life giving rain.
      If there's thunder, you'd better head for the hills or you may be
      struck by a lightning bolt!!! (Liv Ulmann, Henry Fonda, Gandhi, Madame
      Curie)
      
      
      MARS IN SAGITTARIUS
      
      
           This position of Mars has great bursts of energy but little
      endurance. These people are full of life and vigor. Rhythm and harmony
      come naturally to them. They make good dancers, when Neptune is
      blended well with their Mars energy. Their cheerful presence is
      welcomed at any social gathering, and they are sexually warm.
           This sign is always good for a laugh! They can turn people on by
      their laughter. This Mars position is among the most impulsive in the
      Zodiac. They are easily bored by routine and don't have a lot of
      stamina. They are independent, optimistic, and enthusiastic. Their
      enthusiasm and optimism is often contagious to others around them. On
      the other hand, Mars is Sagittarius can be slapdash, tactless and make
      promises they cannot keep. This Mars position inflates and
      exaggerates, sort of like blowing up a balloon. If you let go of them,
      they fly around in all directions, getting nowhere in particular but
      getting there very quickly. (Doris Day, Janis Joplin, Warren Beatty,
      Jack Nicholson)
      
      
      MARS IN CAPRICORN
      
      
           This Mars position is commanding, magnetic, proud, earthy and
      well-coordinated. These natives are willing to work hard for success,
      because they NEED to be successful. This is a good placement for
      business. Sexuality for these natives is strong and persistent. Love
      lasts a long time with them. They often need to develop a sense of
      humor and warmth. Mars is said to be exalted here and is therefore very
      powerful in Capricorn.
           This position has a great driving force but it may be too
      controlled and contained, like air in a tire. This is not someone who
watches the clock. They get the job done, slowly and steadily,
      perhaps ploddingly so. They make the best possible use of all their
      imagination. They suffer from HARD LUST. Never stand between someone
      with Mars in Capricorn and the person they are lusting after unless
      you want to get knocked down when they unexpectedly pounce. (Walt
      Disney, Margaret Mead, Einstein, Buzz Aldrin, Katherine Hepburn) 
      
      
      MARS IN AQUARIUS
      
      
           This position of Mars can be electric. These natives have high
      principles and a modern outlook. They can give more thought than
      action. These natives need to be leaders or in positions where they
      operate somewhat independently because Mars in Aquarius will not easily
take
      direction. They are also experimental and innovative sexually  but may
      lack the personal touch.
           Sexually, this person uses the machine-gun spray technique...
      they try everyone in the room. They also have a take-it-or-leave-it
      attitude. They are not high on passion because they are rather
      detached. They are freedom lovers and tend to be more attracted to
      people mentally than physically. They are quite unpredictable. (Hugh
      Hefner, Queen Elizabeth II, Lauren Bacall, Ryan O'Neal)
      
      
      MARS IN PISCES
      
      
           This Mars placement has rather unpredictable emotions. It is
      sensual, romantic, receptive and sympathetic. These natives can very
      easily be taken advantage of because they are so naive. They must
      develop self-reliance. This placement can produce a musician or an
artist.         
           Mars in Pisces is often sexy but in a helpless, waifish of way.
      They make love with subtle grace and affection. This position can be
      shy and passive and Compulsive. firey Mars is plunged here into a
      self-repressive water sign which produces heightened sensual desires and
fertile imaginations. These natives are
      impressionable and easily influenced. Often they lack drive. They have
      a strong desire to please. They don't make good subjects for practical
      jokes, because they are liable to burst into tears.   (Johnny Cash, Alan
Alda, Jane Fonda, Marilyn
      Monroe, Christine Jorgenson, Vincent Price)
                                                                            
 
