



    
    TRANSITING MERCURY THROUGH THE HOUSES
     
     
     by Jupe and RogerP1
     
     
          Transiting Mercury is not a "heavyweight" planet in that the
     effects of this planet are subtle and often ephemeral, rather than
     deeply-rooted and transformational. Mercury rules our thinking
     processes, so that when it transits through a house, we often find
     ourselves thinking or communicating about topics ruled by that house.
     The nice thing about Mercury is we often don't have to do more than
     think about things.
     
     
     MERCURY THROUGH THE FIRST HOUSE
     
     
          When Mercury transits through your first house, it is a good time
     for expressing your point of view because you can put a great deal of
     yourself into what you say. In fact, it may be nearly impossible to
     keep you from expressing yourself during this transit. Your thoughts
     may jump from issue to issue because your mind is likely to be moving
     very fast at this time. If Mercury contacts afflicted planets in your
     first house, or if Mercury itself is afflicted by another transiting
     planet, you may experience nervousness and anxiety. If this is the
     case, try to relax and divert your mind to something light and
     entertaining.
          The major focus of your thoughts during this transit, is YOU. You
     may find yourself evaluating the way in which you come across to
     others, as well as projecting yourself into lots of activities. In
     communications, both written and oral, you may catch yourself saying
     "I" a lot. There's nothing wrong with that as long as you don't turn
     every conversation into a recount of your feats, or worse yet your
     problems! 
     
     
     MERCURY THROUGH THE SECOND HOUSE
     
     
          With this transit, our attention turns from the experience of
     being an individual to our personal assets, be they material,
     intellectual, and/or spiritual. Because the 2nd house rules cash flow,
     you may find yourself thinking about and discussing how to spend and
     save money. Mercury also just wants activity, sometimes for its own
     sake, so that with this transit,you may have to consciously put a
     brake on your spending habits.
          This may also be a time when it is possible to turn experiences
     into ideas which may help to produce a greater sense of personal
     stability and purpose. Mercury transiting the 2nd could be a time when
     common sense is operating well, and when you can form a positive link
     between your ideas and your physical circumstances.
     
     
     MERCURY THROUGH THE THIRD HOUSE
     
     
          Mercury is at home in the 3rd house and its action is intensified
     here. It is a good time for intellectual activities, and to speak and
     listen to others. You could do quite a bit of short distance traveling
     and have lots of contact with relatives and neighbors.
          This is NOT a good time to settle down and relax because the
     tempo of events in your environment will be much too fast. In dealings
     with others, try to contract negotiations, rather than reaching final
     conclusions. It's also a good time to gather information, and to
     discuss and make things perfectly clear. Keep your mind flexible. Do
     not allow your point of view and opinions to harden.
     
     
     MERCURY THROUGH THE FOURTH HOUSE
     
     
          When Mercury transits the 4th house, it is a time of withdrawal
     and reflection, as well as a time to think about potential new
     encounters. It may be a time when we tend to get nostalgic and live in
     the past. You may be prone to making statements like "Remember the
     'Good Old Days', before colorized movies?" It is a good time to
     reevaluate, and rethink. 
          The 4th house deals with issues of the home and since Mercury
     moves quickly, this transit can sometimes bring about a sudden change
     of residence. We could also find ourselves house-cleaning, rearranging
     furniture, or reorganizing things to burn off excess energy.
     
     
     MERCURY THROUGH THE FIFTH HOUSE
     
     
          This is a good time for expressing and communicating your
     thoughts to others in a creative way. However, you may not be a very
     good listener, because you feel more compelled to express yourself,
     than to listen right now. You could also feel prankish. But it is
     important to remember that if you feel like playing a joke on someone
     during this transit, you may be rather insensitive to other people's
     needs. They may not appreciate you humor!
          Ideas could come into your head that are fun to play with. This
     is a good time for pursuing mental activities, such as games and
     reading. It would be a good time to play with the kids, or someone
     else's kids too, because you will basically be acting like one anyway.
     
     
     
     MERCURY THROUGH THE SIXTH HOUSE
     
     
          During this transit, the work scene is generally fairly active,
     with lots of little changes, and perhaps more annoying details than
     usual. This is a time when a person is usually very active, moving
     from room to room and project to project. Your mental attitude will be
     much more practical than the transit through the 5th, and you seem to
     be set for high accomplishment, rather than play.
          Health may be an issue with Mercury transiting the 6th, and if
     health problems arise, they may involve anxiety, nervousness, high
     blood pressure, or psychological stress. The key here, is to get
     enough rest and relaxation so you don't short-circuit your whole
     system. Watch your eating habits...make sure you're eating balanced
     meals. Now is a good time to start thinking about a new health
     regimen.
     
     
     MERCURY THROUGH THE SEVENTH HOUSE
     
     
          This is a good time to clarify and discuss issues that exist
     between you and partners of all kinds, i.e. spouses, close friends,
     business partners, and so on. This is also a good time for making
     contracts or entering into negotiations about any matter. UNLESS, that
     is, Mercury is transiting an afflicted planet or Mercury itself is
     being afflicted by another transiting planet. (In which case, you
     should avoid all types of negotiations.)
          You will also be looking for intellectual stimulation and
     conversation now. Socializing and enjoying yourself in the company of
     close friends will be more important to you especially after that 6th
     house phase, when you had your nose to the grindstone. The thoughts
     and ideas of others play an important role in your decision making
     right now. Don't hesitate to ask for advice if you need it.
     
     
     MERCURY THROUGH THE EIGHTH HOUSE
     
           This transit can coincide with discussions about finances or
     property that you share with someone else. Or a partnership which was
     concluded during the prior 7th house phase may come to some sort of
     fruition. It is probably still too early to predict any sort of
     resounding success, but a first step atleast has been taken. Hope it's
     in the right direction!
          If you are so inclined, this is a good time to get in touch with
     the psychological truths laying like unopened casks of wine. (I hope
     they haven't turned into Vinegar!) This is a time when you tend to
     look more deeply into things, and is an excellent transit for doing
     research or conducting an investigation.
     
     
     MERCURY THROUGH THE NINTH HOUSE
     
     
          Mercury transiting the 9th house is a good time for taking a
     larger view of life and the world. Subjects relating to foreign
     places, law, and philosophy may interest you. Perhaps the research
     that you started during the 8th house transit may stimulate a desire
     to continue your education in some regard.
          Although a Mercury transit is short, it is a good time for travel
     and for exposing yourself to different lifestyles. It is also a good
     time for communicating with others about abstract ideas, philosophy,
     and beliefs that differ from your own because you are probably more
     tolerant than usual during this time. You may find that your own
     opinions either expand in scope or that they expand in VOLUME so that
     you actually become more opinionated, as a result of this transit. So
     try to stay off the local soapbox! Exactly how this transit manifests
     in your life is dependent on aspects made as Mercury transits this
     house. Though this is never a transit noted for the development of
     common sense.
     
     
     MERCURY THROUGH THE TENTH HOUSE
     
     
          With this transit of Mercury, we deal with making decisions about
     our professional life and/or social position. You'll "look good" if
     you choose this time to talk to superiors about your work. This
     transit could coincide with public speaking engagements, or with an
     opportunity to use communication to further your career ambitions.
          Exercise caution that you express yourself CLEARLY! You also need
     to watch a tendency to sound pompous or condescending. This transit
     can act rather erratically. It may provide sudden opportunities for
     career growth which demand quick thinking and a very quick decision.
     Conversely, during this transit, you actually tend to be more
     deliberate in your thought processes, and actually will want more time
     to think things over.
     
     
     MERCURY THROUGH THE ELEVENTH HOUSE
     
     
          This is a time of increased communication and social interaction.
     You may wonder if your goals and expections in life are your own, or
     if they are part of the goals of a group with which you have
     associated yourself. This is the house of group ideals and standards,
     as well as a person's position within groups. Because of this, while
     Mercury moves through this house, you may have more exchanges than
     usual with friends, groups and associations.
          This is a good time for talking over problems with friends in
     order to get objective viewpoints. You could also encounter younger
     people who can give you a new and freer viewpoint of yourself and of
     life in general. It is a good time for activities which broaden your
     perspectives as a person.
     
     
     MERCURY THROUGH THE TWELFTH HOUSE
     
     
          When Mercury transits the 12th house, we become a little unsure
     about our opinions and thoughts. Our own self-image becomes a little
     fuzzy around the edges and because of this, there may be a strong
     desire to get in touch with deeper, more universal truths. It is a
     good transit for developing artistically, or psychically because of
     this tie-in to the universal.
          On a practical level, this is not a good time. The mind is
     perceptive, but not in a way which is immediately useful. It IS a good
     time for meditation, and for intuition. Play those hunches! As with
     the transit through the 6th house, this is a time to watch your
     health. It may be a good time to begin a therapy, either psychological
     or physical. Some positive results may be forthcoming as the cycle
     begins all over again when Mercury moves into the 1st house.
                                                                           
