
 
 
 
      
      
      MERCURY THROUGH THE SIGNS 
      
      
      By: JUPE and NAMA
      
      
      
           Mercury rules a person's reasoning ability, their mind, and the
      way they communicate. The purpose of this article is to discuss how
      the planet Mercury works in a person's chart; that is to say, how its
      communicative nature manifests in the 12 signs. 
      
      
      MERCURY IN ARIES
      
      
           This position is witty, inventive, and quick on the trigger.
      Mercury in Aries has original ideas, loves a good debate (fight) and
      always wants to be first. Such a person thinks in terms of ME FIRST
      and can often be TOO headstrong and TOO self centered.
           Mercury in Aries is IMPULSIVE. They think BIG! When talking they
      usually have sweeping hand gestures, that make you want to duck. They
      really can be full of hot air, expounding for hours on trivialities.
      When listening to Mercury in Aries, it is advisable to cut what they
      say in half, and then you might arrive at some semblance of reality. A
      person with Mercury in Aries can be a great idea person, but while
      they are great project starters, they would rather go on to start
      another project than finish up the current one.
      
      
      MERCURY IN TAURUS
      
      
           These people tend to be quite stubborn. They do not react readily
      to new ideas, nor do they jump to conclusions. They are mentally
      conservative, cautious, and not given to quick inspirations. But they
      do have a good memory, a stable and pragmatic mind, and a good dose of
      common sense.
           People with Mercury in Taurus are very methodical thinkers. They
      are also very thorough and excellent at following through on what they
      promise. Once they make up their minds, it is incredibly hard to sway
      them. Try a stick of dynamite in each ear...but don't be surprised if
      you find Mercury in Taurus standing firm among the rubble.
      
      
      MERCURY IN GEMINI
      
      
           If anyone can do it, a person with Mercury in Gemini can carry
      pure logical reasoning to its highest manifestation. This person is
      incredibly versatile. In their judgements they are often unbiased in
      their ability to perceive the truth. They often have a good
      vocabulary. These are people who MUST communicate.
           These natives are often gifted writers and/or speakers because
      they are naturally clever at word phrasing, often brillant. They love
      the exchange of ideas. They want to know the latest news but NOT a
      detailed account, just the headlines. There is never a dull moment
      with Mercury in Gemini around and NEVER a lull in the conversation
      either, much less a space to get a nod in edgewise.
      
      
      MERCURY IN CANCER
      
      
           In terms of their mental energies, Mercury in Cancer is intuitive
      impressionable, changeable, and moody. They have a mind which is
      retentive and creative. The problem is that they retain so much that
      it is often difficult to sort thru the thoughts. Their mind is like
      Grandma's attic. Amid the old clothes and dust, you might find a few
      precious jewels.
           This placement expresses the passive side of Mercury. These
      people have an instinctive mind. They are also easily swayed by
      emotional appeals, so they shouldn't be relied upon for objective
      decision making. They are full of sympathy and make wonderful
      listeners. The more tragic the tale, the more wonderful the listener.
      
      
      MERCURY IN LEO
      
      
           This Mercury placement is dramatic, dignified and refined. These
      people want to be considered an authority in their chosen field and
      will act the part even if it isn't quite true. They often think that
      they are royality and should be treated accordingly. With difficult
      aspects, Mercury in Leo can be a self-indulgent and self-centered
      Tyrant.
           Mercury in Leo has a definite pride of Mind. They are verbally
      dramatic and are likely to embellish any story that they tell with
      all sorts of shameless exaggeration. Deep down, this Mercury position
      is insecure and just wants to be understood and liked. But they can
      also be dogmatic and as stubborn as Mercury in Taurus. In any case,
      this person LOVES an audience.
      
      
      MERCURY IN VIRGO
      
      
          These natives are critical, analytical, and practical. Their
      thinking is cool, logical and impersonal. Their minds can sort and
      index ALL ideas. These people aim for perfection. They talk, type and
      think fast and, like Mercury in Gemini, they MUST communicate.
           Mercury in Virgo has an adaptive intellect. And the natives are
      good at dissecting thoughts, arguments, ideas, and frogs. This
      position is often adept at divising specialized tasks and techniques
      to solve problems. They pay great attention to detail and may get so
      wrapped up in minor details that they lose sight of the larger issue.
      Unlike their predecessor, Mercury in Leo, these people are generally
      discreet. 
      
      
      MERCURY IN LIBRA
      
      
           This placement is friendly, broadminded and rational but can be
      stern when their own principals are involved. They tend to not make
      decisions in a hurry and coarse and/or rude behavior truly offends
      them. They constantly think in terms of balance and what is fair.
      Because they try to take everything into account, they can be
      indecisive and vacillating.
           People with this placement are artistic and literary minded.
      They are graceful speakers given to using flowing, ambiguous gestures
      of the arms. Watching them tell a story can be like watching "Swan
      Lake". While Mercury in Virgo IS perfect, Mercury in Libra only
      aspires to it.
      
      
      MERCURY IN SCORPIO
      
      
           These people can be critical, skeptical and secretive. Once their
      mind is made up (like Taurus and Leo), it can be difficult to convince
      them to change it. They can be witty but often their wit is tinged
      with deep sarcasm. Their insights and perceptions are absolutely
      penetrating, but they often use these perceptions to gain an advantage
      over other people. Because of this competitive trait, they often make
      good business people.
           Mercury in Scorpio has a talent for research and mystery solving.
      It is their ability to see below the surface of issues that makes
      them such relentless investigators. They can also keep secrets,
      because it gives them a subtle control over the person whose secret it
      is.
      
      
      MERCURY IN SAGITTARIUS
      
      
           These people are sincere and funny often having a dry sense of
      humor. They are also intuitive and can be painfully truthful. This is
      another placement that NEEDS to communicate. They are often interested
      in higher education and philosophy. This would be a good placement for
      teaching, because they are stimulated by ideas and tend to view
      themselves as being on a mission of some sort.
           Mercury in Sagittarius has BIG IDEAS and is enthusiastic. They
      have a sense of purpose, which is why people with Mercury in
      Sagittarius make good propagandists. Also, because they may tend to
      exaggerate the importance of their personal opinions, disagreements
      often take on larger proportions and can get out of hand. Their words
      travel far, if not by sheer force, then by VOLUME. They are
      Happy-Go-Lucky, often because they don't realize danger is near.
      
      
      MERCURY IN CAPRICORN
      
      
           These people are cautious and practical minded. They have great
      common sense and organizational ability. Mercury in Capricorn tends to
      structure their mind and because of this, they may not be very
      imaginative. What they lack in imagination, however, they make up for
      in organization and resourcefulness.
           This placement does not think with its heart. It is cool and
      ambitious.  These people need to keep this in mind, because they can
      often act very cold and hurt people without really even meaning to.
      They tend to be calculating thinkers never being swayed by emotional
      issues. They are often quite serious-minded and have to actively
      cultivate a sense of humor rather than coming by it naturally. They
      can also be quite skeptical.
      
      
      MERCURY IN AQUARIUS
      
      
           The mind here is keen, original, independent, and unique. They love
to be involved in groups. They are social and enjoy
      parties and excitement. But they are also easily bored so you
      have to keep them entertained or you will lose their attention. They
      enjoy communicating with all sorts of people.
           People with Mercury in Aquarius are far-out, versatile thinkers.
      They don't care what others think of them. They are progressive and
      usually at the vanguard of society. They tend to gravitate towards the
      communications/hi-tech industries. The winds of change gradually blow
      in their favor, because they have already figured out just where those
      winds are blowing! They may value their uniqueness so much that they
      actually cultivate an image as an eccentric or odd-ball.
      
      
      MERCURY IN PISCES
      
      
           This placement is psychic, intuitive, and very compassionate and
      understanding of others. With this placement, a person can keep his  
      real thoughts undercover, sometimes even from themselves. These people
      LOVE music and fantasy.
           A Mercury in Pisces mind resists logic and pure facts. Rather, it is
whimsical
      and has a very active and creative imagination. Such a person perceives
      thoughts and ideas in a wider, more universal sense, so that they can
      really tune-in psychically to others, perceiving the feelings behind
      the words. This mind acts as a sounding board for the transmission of
      subtle impulses and impressions. At its worst, this position can be
      spacey and scattered. at its best, intuitive and perceptive.
      
   


@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@
