THE MOON THRU THE SIGNS

BY: NAMA AND JUPE


The Moon in a chart represents the instincts and emotions. "I feel" (feel is a
very LUNAR word) that it is every bit as powerful as the Sun, as long as a
person is in touch with his or her inner self. We will describe first the
positive side and then the negative side of the Moon in each of the 12 signs.
 
   Moon in Aries is usually emotionally aggressive, projecting his or her
emotions into the immediate environment. A person with this placement often
responds to life as if it were an adventure. They are generally open to new
ideas. They relate to experience as a means to self realization and they are
independent and courageous. Their mental impressions and emotional reactions
are very quick. They are capable of great originality.
 
   On the other hand, an Aries Moon can be a real emotional baby! They act out
feelings with no thought at all for the feelings of other people and the louder
they react, the happier it makes them feel about themselves. Generally, they
will not accept responsibility for their actions. And being rather impulsive by
nature, they seldom look before they leap. They just dive into situations,
relationships, and are propelled almost completely by raw emotion.
 
   The Moon in Taurus is the opposite of the Aries Moon in that it is
emotionally quite stable. This person is emotionally attracted to material
comforts and possessions and wants the best of everything, rarely settling for
less. These people are faithful, sentimental and affectionate. They often have
an accurate and very practical memory. They also have a highly developed sense
of touch and taste..."The Royal Palate" 
 
   On the negative side, Moon in Taurus often has reserved feelings. Their
reactions are often rather slow, And they tend to have too much love of their
material possessions. Their emotional security is based on their Bank Balance. 
 
   With the Moon in Gemini, a person is often emotionally versatile. These
people have quick and accurate perceptions. They also have a great need to
communicate and because of this they are drawn to artistic and literary
professions, where they can express their feelings to others. They can
assimilate a seemingly endless number of details without batting an eyelash.
And what they do assimilate will often be used intellectually rather than
emotionally. They have a fondness for action and movement, both physical or
mental. They generally need to do several things at once and are good with
their hands.
 
   Gemini Moons often intellectualize feelings instead of feeling them. They
can be real two-faced, because they don't really understand their emotions, or
less yet, the emotions of other people. It becomes easier for them to lie to
avoid emotional outbursts. Their follow through is never as good as their rap. 
 
   The Moon in Cancer is emotionally tenacious. They have excellent sense
impressions. These natives are inclined to be gentle, peaceful, romantic, and
above all sentimental. They are generally good cooks. Home, Mom, apple pie,
collector plates, and a big garden are symbols that warm the hearts of these
people. And if those things don't do it, real estate will. They can be
nurturing, sympathetic, artistic, creative, and dramatic. In a man's chart, the
Moon in Cancer works very well in most cases because it gives  him an
understanding of women and his own feminine side. A woman with this placement
will often dominate the home situation, as any person with this Moon placement
should, since she or he is usually well-equipped to handle the home. 
 
   On the other hand, this Moon sign can just be too damn sensitive! If you say
it is raining out, a person with Cancer Moon will apologize. The Moon rules
Cancer and because it is so strong in its own sign, those with Moon in Cancer
often have very quick and dramatic mood swings, just like the tides which the
Moon influences. In an extreme case, this position might manifest as a
manic/depressive disorder.
 
   Moon in Leo is always emotionally dramatic. They just LOVE to make a show.
Both men and women of this sign are attractive and attracted to other people.
They are sexually magnetic and charming. Each will seek partners with flair,
enthusiasm, and good taste. Leo lends nobility to the emotions. These people
are like Royality, and they act accordingly. They are also romantics with
plenty of style and are often generous, loving and just fun to be with. 
 
   Everything about a Leo Moon is screaming "LOVE ME! LOVE ME! LOVE ME!!!",
because they are basically BIG Babies by nature. They are lavish and dramatic
with their emotions, as if they were on stage. At their worst, they are real
buffoons. Leo Moons are always on their papal balconies, waving to the crowds
begging to be noticed.
 
   People with a Virgo Moon are generous with their time. This placement
emphasizes mental qualities and gives this native many opportunities to analyze
their feelings. These natives give meticulous attention to detail, and they
make excellent organizers, teachers and health care workers. They often like to
be very "proper". 
 
   Because Moon in Virgo is so emotionally analytical, they often lack
tenderness and may be standoffish.   Virgo Moon analyses and edits feelings.
Their minds rule their hearts. 
 
   Moon in Libra is emotionally refined. These people have a charming and
gracious manner. Because of this, they are often in demand in social circles
and they really do add a lot to a party. They are affectionate and good
natured. The sense impressions of
  those with Moon in Libra are strongly aesthetic. They respond to beauty and
are fond of music, poetry, and the arts. However, Behind the illusive sweetness
is great strategic strength.  These people are looking for a refined, sociable
and fun loving person who is attractive and well groomed and intelligent.
 
   Libra Moon is an intellectual feeler, like Gemini. They tend to view their
feelings in terms of how they will appear to others and because of this may not
always be genuine in their feelings. They are often more in love with the idea
of love, than with their partner. When not in balance, their mood swings can be
intense.
 
   Moon in Scorpio is emotionally possessive and intensely emotional.  These
people will not tolerate injustice to someone or something they "possess". They
are extremely protective, especially of their own feelings, And they can be
proud, resourceful and enterprising. Because they are also good manipulators,
they often have good executive ability. Once they make up their minds, they can
 accomplish almost anything, And they can keep a secret too.
 
   Someone with Moon in Scorpio can be DEADLY! Their feelings are TOO intense
and TOO extreme. There is even some S & M Potential. Do not cross someone with
Moon in Scorpio, because they will track you down and get even, which is
something they really excell at. 
 
   Moon in Sagittarius is emotionally idealistic, socially naive, and
blissfully unaware of real human differences. These People want to be friendly
and social all the time. They often express interest in religion, higher
education, teaching or philosophy
 . This position can be indicative of strong psychic ability, although whether
they use it or not is anyone's guess. 
 
   But with the Moon in Sagittarius, a person can also have inflated emotions
Or they may really exaggerate their feelings. Despite all the SHOW, their
emotions are often unsustained and because of this they may tend to philander.
They also can set people up on pedestals at the drop of a hat. A real Hero
worshipper but they seldom look deep enough to see if their idol has any
substance below the surface.
 
   Moon in Capricorn is emotionally reserved. This is the position of the
business head. These people have a great personal dignity. They also have great
ambition as well as often having the actual ability to succeed. Their minds
react quickly to sense impressions. This position teaches that organization and
executive ability IS power. Those with Moon in Capricorn, once mature, are
usually masters at bringing spirituality to the material plane. This Lunar
position has a very down-to-earth feeling so that
  material and practical things like status, position, dignity, and money are
what really warm them up.
 
   Capricorn Moon can have a real emotional tightness. Their emotions are very
controlled and calculated rather than freely experienced and genuine. Capricorn
action is like a scythe, and it can be ruthless. This Moon position can be
colder than ice. 
 
   People with Moon in Aquarius are somewhat emotionally detached. These
people, particularly the women have beautiful eyes. These people have a certain
"Universal" quality and are usually ahead of their time. Moon in Aquarius
prefers to be unconventional emotionally, and they value their personal
independence. They are often think that their own mothers are uniquely
wonderful, almost more like friends, but are always very special to them in an
off-beat sort of way.
 
   Moon in Aquarius is another chilly Moon sign with no real deep feelings.
One-to-one love is difficult for them, because they don't like to be
emotionally tied-down. Like other Air signs, Gemini and Libra, a person with
Moon in Aquarius intellectualizes their emotions. They can also talk you to
death. 
 
   Moon in Pisces is emotionally instinctive and very often psychic.  These
natives are sympathetic and kind and will usually overlook other people's
flaws. They are very tenderhearted, truly compassionate people. This lunar
position can be very spiritually oriented, having a lunar sign which can at,
its best, be steeped in the wisdom of the ages. The problem is being evolved
enough and/or collected enough to apply it.
 
  A person with a Pisces Moon is an emotional sponge. Moon in Pisces soaks up
every vibe in the environment and often draws their emotions from others. They
can live on pure emotion and feeling, floating along like a little cork being
tossed all about w
 ith almost no control of their own. This is a Moon sign that will never be
noted for its flawless logic.
 
    
 
@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@
