

 NEPTUNE THROUGH THE SIGNS
 
 
 BY: JUPE and NAMA
 
 
      Physically, Neptune is 4 times the size of the Earth and takes about 14
years to travel through each sign of the Zodiac. It is the ruler of Pisces.
Neptune is the mist, the fog, the clouds, seas and oceans, and condensation. It
represents delusion, confusion, illusion, fantasy--MAYA. It rules all drugs and
chemicals. Neptune is psychic and super-natural. It is intangible, passive, and
hard to grasp.      Neptune awakens us from within. It is self-revelation and
considered to be the most spiritual planet. Neptune acts on a very subtle
level, and it can cloud and deceive. But when you finally break through,
Neptune brings powerful revelations. It also represents the process of
deconditioning, which is, in a sense, a moving backward in order to eventually
move forward again.
      The discovery of Neptune in 1846 coincided with the world-wide
Spiritualist Movement, Psychoanalysis, and World Communism.
 
 NEPTUNE IN ARIES
 
 
 1861-1874: During this time span much of Central Europe was beginning to be
transformed to its current boundaries. It was the time of the American Civil
War as well. Alfred Nobel invented dynamite, which he saw as a great step
toward world peace during this period. The machine gun and the typewriter were
invented as well. People with this placement have pioneered new religions and
philosophies, and were involved in the development of the spirit of nationalism
in various parts of the world. They shared a great sense of mission to be
fulfilled. Frank Lloyd Wright, Henry Ford, Gandhi, Orville Wright, and Houdini
were born during this time.
 
 NEPTUNE IN TAURUS
 
 
 1874-1888: This is a very artistic placement. These people respond to beauty
and music positively, but are not very good money managers. It is also a
placement that could lead to a different view of materialism and might
therefore lead to political aims. This was an era of experiments, inventions,
and material discovery. Such diverse figures as Franklin Roosevelt, Joseph
Stalin, John Foster Dulles, Einstein, Igor Stravinsky, Carl Jung, Picasso,
Isadora Duncan, Hermann Hesse and Virginia Woolf were born when Neptune was in
Taurus.
 
 NEPTUNE IN GEMINI
 
 
 1887-1901:  This was a time of great advances in Science. Quantam Physics and
Freudian "depth"-psychology were advanced during this time period. People born
during this period had new ideas about trade, commerce, communication, wit and
the mind. Many of the early pioneers and communicators in the Film industry
were born with this placement. Charlie Chaplin, Groucho Marx, Rudolf Valentino,
Lillian Gish, Mary Pickford, Theda Bara, as well as Mao Tse Tung, Meher Baba,
William Faulkner, Charles Lindbergh,
and J.R.R. Tolkien.
 
 NEPTUNE IN CANCER
 
 
 1901-1915:  This was the time when the stage was set for WWI and was basically
the swan song of the old European Culture. It was a time of booming
nationalism, as well as great interest in domestic issues. It was a time of
great protectivity. People born at this time have strong ties to the home and
family. They are idealistic, patriotic, sensitive, protective, and generally
quite conservative. Bob Hope, B.F. Skinner, Jeane Dixon, Ronald Reagan, Rachel
Carson, Howard Hughes, Eva Peron were born with neptune in cancer.
           
 
 NEPTUNE IN LEO
 
 
 1915-1929: This period witnessed the end of World War I, the founding of the
League of Nations, and the post-war economic boom that culminated in the
"Roaring Twenties" and eventually the Stock Market Crash. This was the era of
prohibition, the invention of the rocket and the first sound films. These
people are romantic, idealistic and artistic. They have a flair for the
dramatic, and they idealize love and courtship. They identify closely with
their ideals. People who were born during this period include Anwar Sadat,
President George Bush, Oral Roberts, Ann Landers and Abigail Van Buren, Timothy
Leary, Allen Ginsburg, Jack Kerouac and Federico Fellini.
 
 NEPTUNE IN VIRGO
 
 
 1929-1943: During this time the stock market crashed, which led to the
depression. Hitler came to power in an economically-devastated post-war Germany
and set the stage for the next War which began in 1939. Prohibition also ended
and computers were originally invented during this time. These people have new
concepts about health and conditions of employment. They experience a strong
pull between reason and emotion and members of this group ushered in the
beginnings of 60's protest era. Such people as Simon and Garfunkel, Rod McKuen,
Pat Boone, Pavarotti, Joan Baez, Sally Kellerman, Bobby Seale, Nureyev, John
Lennon and Paul McCartney were all born during this time.
 
 NEPTUNE IN LIBRA
 
 
 1943-1956: This era brought about the end of WWII, the forming of the United
Nations, the state of Israel, the Korean War, and the McCarthy Era. It also saw
the beginning of the Atomic Age and the rise of television. These people are
interested in new concepts regarding relationships and laws. They also idealize
highminded concepts such as compassion and world-peace but are often
impractical and scattered in their approach to gaining them. They acutely feel
for the injustices of others, and are also prone toward the socialization of
drugs and alcohol. This group includes Vice President Dan Quayle, David Bowie,
Liza Minnelli, Janis Ian, Emmy Lou Harris, and the bulk of the notorious "Baby
Boom" generation.
 
 NEPTUNE IN SCORPIO
 
 
 1956-1970: This was the era of the first man on the moon, the beginnings of
the Viet Nam war, polio vaccines,  hippies and the drug culture. These people
are magnetic, emotional and investigative. They attack everything with great
intensity. With challenging aspects may produce black magic, obsessions or
treachery. This group includes the younger "Boomers", Michael Jackson, Michael
J. Fox, Madonna, Timothy Hutton, and many of the "Brat Pack".
 
 NEPTUNE IN SAGITTARIUS
 
 
 1806-1821: This was the time when the Napoleonic dream was shattered; and
America, in the process of getting on her feet, was involved in a war with
England. This period saw the births of Edgar Allen Poe, Charles Dickens,
Richard Wagner, Jenny Lind, Friedrich Engels and Harriet Beecher Stowe. 
 1970-1984: The Vietnam War ended during this time period. This was also the
time of Watergate, and many discoveries of unethical deals and bribes in the
business world. It was also a time of great self-indulgence and reluctance to
form commitments. It was also a time of great religious revival, both
traditional and non-traditional. These people, the oldest of them just entering
young adulthood may feel a need for higher religious and philosophical values.
They may have new ideas about education and feel easy with a concept of
universal religion.
 
 NEPTUNE IN CAPRICORN
 
 
 1820-1834: This was the post-Napoleanic era in Europe and also saw the
development of Railroads. People born during this period had a deep sense of
responsibility and self dicipline. They are able to pull creative feelings into
practical and tangible application. Florence Nightingale, Leo Tolstoy, Lewis G.
Carroll, Dostoevsky, and Alfred Nobel were born during this time period.
 1984-1998: This period has only just begun but so far it seems to be a time of
increased interest and glamorization of the business world. Making money, or
the appearance of making money has become very fashionable...the rise of the
Yuppie.
 
 NEPTUNE IN AQUARIUS
 
 
 1834-1847: This was a time of great upheavals in Europe, and in America it saw
the very beginnings of the westward expansion. This was also the period of
Neptune's own discovery. The combination of Neptune and Aquarius produced
people of a socially-aware and altruistic nature. Some people born during this
period were Andrew Carnegie, Mark Twain, John D. Rockefeller, J. P, Morgan,
Carry Nation, Father Damien, Sarah Bernhardt, and Joseph Pulitzer.
 1998-2012: What this period will herald, we can only guess. With the
combination of Uranus and Neptune in Aquarius in May 2000 squaring 7 planets in
Taurus, there could be some major challenges to the status quo.
 
 NEPTUNE IN PISCES
 
 
 1847-1861 This was the "Romantic" period in European culture. This was also
the beginning of the Victorian Era. In the U.S., westward expansion was really
getting going as the country doubled in size. On the other hand, the seeds were
already sewn for the beginning of the Civil War. During this time Brigham Young
settled in Utah, and John Sutter started the California gold rush. People born
during this period are inspirational, spiritual and even prophetic. There is
also an interest in poetry, dance and music. This group includes John Philip
Sousa, Joseph Conrad, Rudoplh Steiner, Anton Chekov, Dame Nelly Melba, Annie
Oakley, Dorothy Dix.
                                                            
