     
      
      NATAL PLUTO THROUGH THE HOUSES
      
      by Roni Brauckmann
      
      
           I want to give a brief background to you about the planet Pluto.
      Pluto was discovered on January 21, 1930 by Clyde Tombaugh at the
      Lowell Observatory in Flagstaff, AZ. The planet was named by an 11
      year-old English girl from Oxford, England. She submitted the name and
      it was the first accepted.
      
           The Latin translation of the word "Pluto" is "the rich one". In
      mythology, Pluto was the enemy of all life. He continually sent death
      and destruction. But there is another, milder version of this myth;
      Pluto, a creative, active god living inside the Earth, a god of the
      bounties and distribution of riches.
      
           Pluto is the higher octave of Mars. Its keyword is "capable." It
      is a known fact that no other type is as capable as the Scorpio type.
      This Sign embraces men who have fallen to the lowest depths as well as
      highly-advanced and holy individuals. The Scorpio type is capable of
      advancing to the highest pinnacle, if well-aspected.
      
           My continuous observations convince me that Pluto represents
      dualism, polarity, and things which are bound together through a sort
      of interdependence. Pluto will bring major, revolutionary changes in
      all of life's activities. Pluto is a planet with a strong polarity
      concealing two different faces and contrasts within itself. The
      polarity is between a low, common, undeveloped type; and a
      highly-developed, enabled type. To better understand this, picture a
      person with two faces standing on a bridge looking upstream and
      downstream at the same time. This would be foresight and hindsight at
      the same moment. If strongly influenced by Pluto, you have the ability
      to view things on both sides, to extract from the old what you need
      for the new.
      
           Under the influence of Pluto, you will bring to light things that
      have been stored in the subconscious and reveal them at the right
      time. Pluto has real foresight because he also uses his hindsight to
      help himself. Pluto is a turning point. It is revolutionary, but not
      in the same sense as Uranus. Pluto only brings to the surface that
      which has been developed and kept hidden. This only occurs when the
      time is right, hewever if the person is unprepared, the timing may
      seem sudden or premature, which is the nature of Uranian changes.
      
           Pluto on the Angles brings great upheavals into life which
      are often confronted repeatedly. Some keywords for Pluto are:
      connection, transition, passage, bridging, boundary, the end and the
      beginning, and bind and unbind.
      
           It should be mentioned here that Pluto is an outspoken, psychic
      planet. There is a material world and a spiritual world. Many people
      seek a bridge between the two, but they are hampered by material
      wishes and pleasures. What they must do, is climb to the higher Pluto
      principal where they can look both forward and backward at the same
      time and from there see both sides. That person is the one who has
      real foresight.
      
           Pluto in previous years was seen as a destroying, confusing and
      disturbing influence. The same can be said for the other outer planets
      -- Uranus and Neptune which together with Pluto have all been termed
      malefics, but they give fortune to those who have become their friends
      and who have learned to understand their characteristics.
      
      
      PLUTO IN THE 1ST HOUSE
      
      
           This position strengthens physical powers. It brings about
      unexpected experiences which shape the future. Because of this, these
      people often have a rather peculiar course in life. Deaths have an
      influence on this Native. Pluto here usually works in disguise or in
      an invisible manner. Creative powers dominate the surroundings. These
      people often possess qualities of genius and yet they are very
      reserved. Life can be like romantic fiction with occultism and love as
      the main characters, leading to a sort of a double life.
      
      
      PLUTO IN THE 2ND HOUSE
      
      
            These people have a deep love of possessions. There is a double
      nature in terms of their pursuit of making a living, often with
      several different sources of income at the same time, or one source
      following another very closely. This can be a placement that indicates
      surprise winnings, especially if in good aspect to Jupiter. This is a
      good position for stock brokers, bankers, merchants, etc. The working
      abilities and performance of these people are sold at the highest
      price possible. If this Pluto is negatively aspected, this person can
      squander resources or become rich through robbery, blackmail,
      stealing, etc.
      
      
      PLUTO IN THE 3RD HOUSE
      
      
           This native actually enjoys the role of being neglected 
      especially by brothers and sisters. Often they have a desire for
      something that does not exist. Quick and versatile, these people can
      be somewhat revolutionary in thought. Often they want two contrary
      things at the same time. They possess inexhaustible mental energy.
      There is also a capacity for mystical and metaphysical problem
      solving. They make great lecturers and/or great authors.
      
      
      PLUTO IN THE 4TH HOUSE
      
      
           "Home" is a universal theme for this Native. Instead of "My home
      is the world," he says, "The world is my home." A person with Pluto in
      the 4th has an impetus to go into great solitude, into nature,
      wilderness and unexplored places. Changes of residence can bring
      isolation. This placement can also bring severe misunderstandings with
      parents. Pluto here can indicate a mysterious death.
      
      
      PLUTO IN THE 5TH HOUSE
      
      
           A person with Pluto in the Fifth is often unbridled by nature.
      They can be intoxicated by love  and are drawn into all sorts of
      erotic adventures, even perversity. On the other extreme, such a
      person may renounce sex altogether. This position could also indicate
      a love for speculation, gambling, and for adventure. This Native may
      exhibit many talents, perhaps of a "sinister" nature.
      
      
      PLUTO IN THE 6TH HOUSE
      
      
           These people can be called the healers. They may possess the
      talent to be a doctors, nurses, or healers of souls (priests, rabbis,
      etc). Such a person may also be subject to nutritional extremism,
      given to strange compulsive eating habits. Pluto in the 6th can also
      mean an occupation of a peculiar nature. Such people can be work
      fanatics. They may be subject to ailments of the blood (infections,
      etc). They may seem to have a preordained mission in life.
      
      
      PLUTO IN THE 7TH HOUSE
      
      
           A person with Pluto in the 7th may find that his or her partner
      is influenced by Pluto. Adventure and crises come in married life. If
      Pluto is conjunct Neptune and well-aspected, an ideal spiritual
      marriage, with full submergence in the partner can result. This
      placement indicates a leader, a chief, a founder, or just an
      influential and forceful personality. These people can be popular and
      successful as politicians. In bad aspect, these natives should
      probably never marry. They would tend toward an unhappy union.
      Promises may be made and then broken. Sexual peculiarities and
      unnatural sexuality may be present with the partner. (Check the
      aspects to Venus, Mars or Uranus for this.)
      
      
      PLUTO IN THE 8TH HOUSE
      
      
           This native is preoccupied with life after death and the
      supernatural world. They can, however, be subject to inspirations. They
      generally have the ability to develop psychic powers and may become
      mediums, occultists, or clairvoyants. They have strong sexual drives.
      Negatively aspected, this position can lead to spiritual disturbances
      and exposure to sinister influences in occultism (obsessions). They
      may also manifest a tendency to self-destruction. This position could
      indicate inherited sicknesses or an unusual, tragic and sudden death.
      With Pluto here, natives sometime disappear and are never seen again.
      
      
      PLUTO IN THE 9TH HOUSE
      
      
           This is potentially the most favorable house position for Pluto.
      It brings personal evolution, exaltation, refinement and genius. This
      native has an insatiable urge to know. There is a constant quest for
      improvement and renewal. These people often find metaphysical and
      oriental philosphy fascinating. Such people are potential founders
      of new philosophies. Oftentimes they are globetrotters. This is a good
      placement for Astrologers. Negatively aspected, these natives can be
      fanatical about religious opinions. There may also be tendencies
      toward exaggeration, bigotry, sacrilege, and false prophecy. Death may
      occur in a foreign country. 
      
      
      PLUTO IN THE 10TH HOUSE
      
      
           These natives can be rulers, dictators, or leaders of movements.
      Even if they don't have a country to rule, they may act like they do.
      This placement also manifests as a strongly independent character.
      Their talents often change and develop through the course of their
      lives and because of this they may have difficulty finding the right
      occupation, nor are they easily satisfied in business life. They also
      are endowed with certain immunities. Attacks against them tend to
      rebound. They want to be on top and somehow always maintain prestige.
      If Pluto is in aspect to Venus, there may be an artistic vocation.
      Negatively aspected, these people may have numerous career changes,
      none of which develop into anything substantial. They could undergo a
      reversal of fortune and be subject to scandals and loss of power.
      
      
      PLUTO IN THE 11TH HOUSE
      
      
           If in aspect with Venus or Jupiter, this placement manifests as a
      great love towards mankind. These people are real friends of humanity.
      They spread happiness to those around them and have great popularity.
      Negatively aspected, there can be violence and danger through friends.
      There may also be danger in childbirth, (watch aspects involving the
      5th house or its Ruler), impotence, and childlessness. This position
      often has platonic friends of the opposite sex.
      
      
      PLUTO IN THE 12TH HOUSE
      
      
           This is potentially the worst placement for Pluto. It indicates
      concealed and invisible influences at work, and such natives have a
      strong tendency toward mysticism. There may be ability in magic as
      well. These people often need to learn skepticism, because of a strong
      gullibility. The biggest lesson for these natives is to learn to live
      within the powers of the self and not to depend on others for support.
      Negatively aspected, there may be suffering from mistakes of a sexual
      and emotional nature, or there may be lingering diseases. 
      
      
          There are certain placements which demonstrate that a person is
      strongly influenced by Pluto:
           1) Pluto conjunct another planet.
           2) Pluto in aspect to a planet in Scorpio or Pisces.
           3) Pluto in aspect to the Moon, Jupiter or Neptune.
           4) The Ascendant in a Water Sign.
      
           Pluto holds the secrets of being and of dying. Consider it a
      friend. Fully familiarize yourself with it and submerge it into your
      character. Remember that Pluto is a water planet with a duality of
      purpose. When aspected by transiting planets, you can expect changes,
      which you have been planning subconsciously for a long time, to finally
      come out and help you.
      
                                                                               
                                               
