     
      
      
      
      URANUS THROUGH THE SIGNS
      
      
      By Nama and Jupe
      
      
           Uranus has been called the Divine Awakener. It represents a
      person's urge for freedom. It is the planet of individualism,
      originality, and awakening. Uranus brings sudden and unexpected
      changes. It is a freedom-loving maverick planet that dislikes rules
      and can often be quite ego-centric. Uranus rules Astrology and all
      forms of electronics...including power surges and bolts of lightning.
      Because Uranus is in the same sign for about 8 years, its effects are
      felt generationally rather than individually. That is not to say that
      a person does not manifest Uranus personally in their chart, but that
      about 8 years worth of people will be feeling much the same thing.
      This group of births will have some shared experiences and feelings,
      though the way in which they react to these experiences will depend on
      the aspects that Uranus makes to the native's personal planets and
      points (Sun, Moon, Mercury, Venus, Mars, Ascendant, and Midheaven).
      
      
      URANUS IN ARIES
      
      
           This placement manifests with a rather imperious tone. This
      native can be self-willed, independent and resourceful. They feel free
      to act as they please, because they have their own sense of what is
      right and wrong. With challenging aspects, these people can be
      rebellious, tactless, lacking in self control and fanatical; a law
      unto themselves.
           This placement is fiercely independent. They hold a deep and
      vital belief in personal freedom. This placement also tends to be
      impatient, because they truly believe that the quicker something is,
      the better it is. They can also be prone toward having an explosive
      temper. At their best, these natives are trouble shooters. At their 
      worst, they are real trouble makers. Their "true" nature is often
      misunderstood by others.
      
      
     URANUS IN TAURUS
      
      
           Due to the apparent conflict between the Uranian urge for
      absolute freedom and the fixed practical/earthy nature of Taurus,
      these natives are determined to find new ways to be practical. (great
      for inventors!) This is good for producing new ideas and
      reform-mindedness in fields such as finance, business and
      land-management.
           Uranus, the planet of flashing inspiration, is coupled here with
      the sign of fixed conservatism. If Uranus predominates, this brings
      new ideas and insight into projects connected with form and function.
      On the other hand, if the earthy nature of Taurus is stronger, the
      Uranus insight is more likely to be expressed in discovering new ways
      to accrue material assets. This combo could come up with some farout
      ideas which produce tangible results. This placement is sort of like a
      Vegematic...they can take a lump of matter, like a potato, and slice
      it, dice it, or even julienne it! 
      
      
      URANUS IN GEMINI
      
      
           This placement of Uranus is innovative, brilliant, inventive and
      original. This native takes a different approach to fields such as
      communciation, literature and education. The lightning-fast action of
      Uranus blends with the mentality of Mercury-ruled Gemini, giving these
      natives flashes of genius. How this aspect is handled depends on the
      rest of the chart.
           Uranus in Gemini is nervy, restless, and eccentric. They are
      always on the move, if not physically, mentally. They love
      telecommunications, and they spend alot of time on the phone. These
      people hate conventional restraints and find it impossible to stick
      to any kind of routine. They are very innovative thinkers. They are
      more like a mental Vegematic, though they may have problems learning
      to julienne.
      
      
      URANUS IN CANCER
      
      
           This Uranus placement is often restive. These natives tend to
      have a unique and nontraditional attitude toward home, family and
      marriage. These are sensitive, intuitive individuals who may readily
      accept metaphysical teachings and then go on to teach it to others.
      They possess a very keen insight.
           These people also have the ability to live on nerves and
      emotions. They must guard against worry and upset, which could effect
      their digestion. There are strong psychic influences here, though
      emotions often color their thoughts and intuitions. They can be too
      touchy and thin-skinned. Don't tease them unless someone nearby knows
      first-aid.
      
      
      URANUS IN LEO
      
      
           These natives may have a new artistic expression and a liberated
      approach to love. They have "healthy" egos and enjoy being
      unconventional. They have to learn self-discipline because, though they
      are creative, they also tend to be lazy. With challenging aspects,
      these natives can be quite self-destructive.
           Uranus in Leo has a great interest in getting ideas across to
      large groups of people. They also have considerable organizational
      ability, as well as an innate sense of style and ceremony. Uranus,
      here, never does anything halfway. They have a will to command and the
      courage of convictions. They could become involved in power struggles.
      If all of Life is a play, then Uranus in Leo is at center-stage with a
      spotlight aimed right at them.
      
      
      URANUS IN VIRGO
      
      
           Uranus in Virgo shows a person with an inquiring mind. These
      natives have an "original" approach to work and practicality. Their
      nature is studious, inventive and humane. There is possible interest
      in Natural Foods and Ecology. At the extreme, these natives can be
      fanatical about health, purity and toxins. They may have brillant
      ideas on solving work and production problems. Uranus is a planet of
      invention, and here it is manifested through Virgo's sense of service
      and organization.
           These people like to stand on the outskirts rather than being stuck
      in the middle. They are not particularly interested in reward or fame.
      They can be very critical and sharp-tongued and are always telling
      others how to do things correctly whether the other person wants to
      hear it or not. This person would make an excellent and creative
      technician. 
      
      
      URANUS IN LIBRA
      
      
           These natives are potential reformers of society. The Uranian
      urge for freedom, blended with the Libran partnership "need", brings us
      people with a new approach to marriage and social conduct. For many of
      them, the relationship is more important than the legal contract that
      goes with it. These people usually enjoy new forms of art, music and
      architecture. No matter how stressed they are, they strive for grace
      and aesthetic balance. Uranus adds an innovative touch to Libra's
      artistic abilities.
           These natives can establish trends in art and go on to develop
      new art forms. They may be prone to erratic stop-and-start activity,
      but they need to follow through on what is started. They have a high
      turnover of friends, forming no deep attachments, because they prefer
      to have the freedom to move from group to group in society. They would
      make excellent groupies.
      
      
      URANUS IN SCORPIO
      
      
           This position of Uranus is indomitable. These natives can be
      fascinating and exude sex appeal. They can be emotionally intense,
      daring, and original.  Uranus, here, can also find new approaches to
      research. With difficult aspects these natives may be rebellious or
      have violent tempers. Here, a planet of inspiration falls into a
      masterful sign of great power. There is heightened sexuality, and
      these natives are always searching for more intensity of feeling.
           This placement is tenacious, perhaps unreasonably so. They have
      great mental stamina and are capable of brainwashing and mesmerizing
      others. If poorly aspected, this placement can lead to criminal
      conduct as there is a tendency to associate with fringe elements in
      society. They also thrive on a sense of danger. Here is the person who
      visits Chernobyl for vacation.
      
      
      URANUS IN SAGITTARIUS
      
      
           This placement can produce a native who is quite progressive.
      These natives must have free expression. They love travel and may live
      with luggage always packed. There may be a strong interest in
      metaphysics and parapsychology. With challenging aspects, these
      natives can be quite rebellious.
           This is a highly charged and easily excitable placement and is
      not too stable. They do, however, have a very developed
      social-consciousness. They often spend their lives seeking Utopia on
      Earth. They often have a prophetic sense of vision. Uranus in
      Sagittarius makes for wholehearted believers in the "Golden Rule",
      though they may exempt themselves from following it.
      
      
      URANUS IN CAPRICORN
      
      
           This Uranus position is capable of much constructive effort.
      These natives may choose to bring changes to any organization,
      government or legislation. They have brilliant ideas and their hunches
      and insights are good. They can find new inventive ways to make money.
      The Capricorn tendency to plod along in a rut is broken up by Uranus's
      sudden changes in direction. The inclination here is to move with the
      times.
           This native has a way of spotting opportunities for making money
      in the most commonplace situations. They have to learn to balance work
      and play. This placement breathes new life into old worn-out
      structures, abandons useless ones, and comes up with brand new ones.
      This native can be drawn to unusual but profitable professions.    
      
      
      URANUS IN AQUARIUS
      
      
           Uranus in Aquarius is often a true Humanitarian. These people may
      create opportunities to change things for the betterment of all
      humankind. This is a strongly creative and inventive position. With
      difficult aspects, these people may be impractical and pointlessly
      revolutionary. Uranus, planet of revolution and change, is in its own
      sign here. These people advocate change for its own sake. Their ideas
      are so far ahead of the times, they are often seen as eccentrics.
           These natives have strong wills. They are great believers in
      freedom for everyone. They can, however, be hard-nosed hardliners,
      totally unwilling to compromise. They enjoy considering themselves
      ahead of their times and may actively cultivate a bizarre or
      unconventional image.            
      
      
      URANUS IN PISCES
      
      
           This native has the capacity of being truly visionary. They may
      be changeable but with good intentions. This is an excellent position
      for acting because they like to escape into different worlds.
      Sometimes this position is overly sensitive and nervous. With
      challenging aspects this native might tend to escape through alcohol
      or other drugs.
           Uranus here is capable of remarkable spiritual insight. These
      people may be able to develop unusual psychic powers. They also have
      heightened sensual desires which can give this native a subtle
      electric intensity. When at the movies, Uranus in Pisces cries during
funny
      scenes and laughs during sad ones. They admire Uranus in Aquarius's
      ability to wear that Bozo wig, but they wouldn't be caught dead in one
      themselves.
      
      
      
                                                                            

