     
      
      
      VENUS IN THE SIGNS
      
      
      
      BY Jupe and Nama
      
      
           Venus in the natal chart will tell us about what the native LOVES
      to do.  It represents affection, the sense of values and social urges.
      Venus in a chart often shows what people attract to themselves or what
      they would like to attract.
      
      
      VENUS IN ARIES
      
      
           This placement of Venus knows how to package itself. This person
      is magnetic, restless, outgoing, enthusiastic, cheerful and positive. 
      With challenging aspects they may be aggressive enough to drive others
      away!
           This really is a warlike position for Venus. There is a love of
      the conquest and they also have a need to impress others with these
      conquests. This person wants to be #1 at all costs. Nothing tastes
      quite so sweet as a win, but to them, a tie is worse than an outright
      loss. They have large egos, and often big heads to match. When they go
      out on the town, they love to dress up, but don't be surprised if they
      end-up looking more like a gladiator than a date. Women with this Venus
      position tend to wear make-up as if it were war paint: blood-red
      lipstick and fingernails, and a bone clenched between their teeth.
      
      
      VENUS IN TAURUS
      
      
           These people are faithful, stable, and very loving. They love
      luxury and plush surroundings (and good food). They can be sensual,
      charming and attractive to others. They also have a green thumb. So
      far, they sound a little like the family dog! But they really are the
      LOVERS of the Zodiac!!
           This is a beautiful position for Venus. They love to touch, and 
      to be touched. Venus in Taurus loves the good life: good food, good 
      sex, and good music. They are reliable, steady, and very, very
      sensuous. They may in fact let the "Good Life" get the better of them,
      and can tend to be lazy and much too sedentary. You can usually get
      them moving by tying a T-bone steak to a long stick and dangling it in
      front of them. 
      
      
      VENUS IN GEMINI
      
      
           Venus in Gemini can be a real fickle flirt. These people are
      generous and friendly, but are often detached. They need room in a
      relationship, because they thrive on change and variety. Gemini does
      give Venus a great sense of humor, but this placement needs fixed
      planets in the chart to provide stability.
           This position needs and gives good talk. (They adore phone
      sex--the more digits the better!) They can be in love with 2 people at
      the same time. Venus here gives a real need for variety in a person's
      life. This is also a placement which is quite intellectual, and they
      tend to be attracted to intelligent and/or stimulating people.
      
      
      VENUS IN CANCER
      
      
           Venus in Cancer is sensitive, tender, idealistic, artistic, and
      poetic. These natives love a beautiful and comfortable home. They are
      nurturing (generally), and they are, like Taurus, very much "touch"
      people---you gotta hug them.
           People with this placement, especially women, often try to mother
      everyone and need to be reminded that this isn't always appropriate.
      This is a position which produces sentimental romantics, and people
      who can be terminally nostalgic. They are lovers of food and of
      breasts. They have many moods, and they love to experience each of
      them at least once a day.
      
      
      VENUS IN LEO
      
      
           This position is romantic in a more direct, passionate sense than
      dreamy Cancer. This Venus position is warm, affectionate, and loyal.
      These natives can also be theatrical and proud. Venus in Leo is
      attractive to just about everyone, And they really do LOVE to be the
      center of attention. They also need applause and constant approval.
           With challenging aspects this placement can be snobbish,
      indiscriminate, and jealous. They are real show-offs, playing to
      whatever audience happens to be available. They also love to be waited
      on and praised excessively. They are very generous with their
      possessions as well as with their love. But, never ask to borrow their
      crown!
      
      
      VENUS IN VIRGO
      
      
           Venus in Virgo is famous for maintaining a fastidious personal
      appearance. There is a strong tendency to analyze emotions and because
      of this, it is sometimes hard for them to give of themselves
      emotionally. This would be a good position for someone interested in a
      healing profession. With challenging aspects these people can be
      sloppy.
           Generally, though, they love to take lots of baths and/or
      showers. They don't like people hanging onto them, either physically
      or emotionally, especially while they're in the bath tub. Love for
      them is a learning experience. When they love, they show it through
      service to the beloved. They also make excellent prostitutes, because
      they can detach themselves emotionally, as well as viewing
      prostitution as both a service and a healing profession. 
      
      
      VENUS IN LIBRA
      
      
           This Native loves to look good and dress well. They MUST
      socialize (always looking for a better party). They prefer not to get
      their hands dirty or their coiffure mussed. Venus in Libra has a highly
      developed sense of hearing and has a dislike for loud and/or
      discordant music or noise. This is a gracious and appreciative
      position.
           Venus rules Libra and thus is at home in this sign. They love to
      do everything with other people. They also love to please. They can
      get physically ill in ugly environments because, for them, the proper
      setting is very important. Venus here, works very hard to attain the
      easy life. This is the opposite of people with Venus in Taurus, the
      other Venus-ruled sign; they will take it easy until they absolutely
      HAVE TO get to work.
      
      
      VENUS IN SCORPIO
      
      
           This position of Venus is INTENSE, emotional and passionate.
      These natives can be possessive and jealous, and somehow that can
      become part of their charm. This is not the best place for Venus. They
      do tend to work at their relationships more or less constantly, so
      at least they will not bore you to death.
           They are good secret-keepers but if you cross them, they are
      even better secret-tellers. So watch what you tell them! Venus in
      Scorpio can hang onto a grudge for a long time too. They love excesses
      of any sort but can burn out from overdoing things. They may be drawn
      to the occult, not so much for the philosophy as for the visual image
      they will be able to affect. They are almost as dramatic as Venus in
      Leo and love doing things like wearing black clothing and make-up
      that looks like a vampire.     
      
      
      VENUS IN SAGITTARIUS
      
      
           Venus in Sagittarius is objective, flirty, light, and loves
      travel, wide-open spaces and FREEDOM! Ôhese natives have a great sense
      of humor. They can laugh louder and longer at their own jokes than
      anyone else!
           This placement of Venus is not known for its fidelity nor its
      love of housework. They are impulsive in affections and make friends
      as well as lovers easily. They are, however, very tentative. Their
      free-spirited nature doesn't blend well with deep commitment. They are
      drawn to people of foreign origin.
      
      
      VENUS IN CAPRICORN
      
      
           This placement MUST have status and security. Their nature is
      proud and reserved in public, though in private they can be warm,
      gentle and loving. But before anyone ever gets to see that side of
      them, these people must be made to feel safe and secure in the
      relationship. Then they can be very lusty. Until that point, they come
      across icy cold, keeping their affections locked up for a long time.
           People with Venus in Capricorn are great creatures of habit and
      love nothing better than a nice comfortable routine. They like
      "naughty" sex--garter belts, black stockings, crotchless panties, and
      they might need a little discipline now and then too! They are lusty
      people with frosty exteriors like snowmen with gonads.
      
      
      VENUS IN AQUARIUS
      
      
           Venus in Aquarius is detached, cool and calm, yet friendly and
      sociable. They are party people, having lots of friends, but none of
      them particularly close. For this person, freedom is essential, and the
      romantic partner should be a friend as well as lover. They are
      attracted to the unique and unusual in everything.
           They also may be somewhat erratic in their lovelife, turning on
      and off like a light switch with no dimmer. This is another Venus
      position that just can't stand clinging vines. Not much shocks them.
      They love talk and social life. They don't like anything that is
      run-of-the-mill. 
      
      
      VENUS IN PISCES
      
      
           This position is deeply compassionate, gentle, and
      tender-hearted. They are lovers of art, poetry, and beauty. This can
      also be a highly spiritual placement. These people are very intuitive
      and sensitive. They can be easily hurt. These natives often have a
      "Martyr" complex, and they really do have a need to suffer for love.
      These natives can easily become emotionally dependent on others.
           Venus in Pisces is also rather ethereal and spaced out. These
      people have a great need to share their emotional experiences with
      others, particularly the painful ones. Nobody can touch them when it
      comes to gushing emotion, except maybe Sally Field when she won her
      second Oscar. A person with Venus in Pisces could gush just as
      embarrassingly if you hand them the mashed potatoes and smile at the
      same time.
      
      
                                                                            
